How can I import subscriptions from other podcast apps to Castbox? Try OPML Import!
Please go to Castbox app "Personal tab" - click "Settings" - scroll down, and you will see the "OPML Imp
ort" option, click it, and then following the instructions in the app.Android version:If you are using our purpl e version, you can click to "Import from the old Castbox"; If you are using other podcast apps (such as Stit cher, Pocket Casts, Podcast Addict, AntennaPod, etc.), after you export the OPML file from another app, t hen you can click to "Import from other Podcast" and upload your exported OPML file.If you’d like to impor t subscriptions to our purple version, please go to the purple app - sidebar - Settings - Import & Export an d click OPML Import to upload the file.iOS version:We support to import from Apple Podcasts and other p odcast apps.To import from other Podcast apps (such as, Stitcher, Podcast App, Overcast, Pocket Casts,
etc), please export the file from another podcast app first, and then choose to open it in Castbox; or, you can find an OPML file in your local storage, and choose to open in in Castbox.To import from Apple Podc asts, for the subscriptions from which you have already downloaded episodes, they could be imported by j ust one click. Please note that if you do not download an episode from a subscribed podcast in Apple Pod casts, this podcast may not be imported successfully.For more info, please feel free to reach us at contact @castbox.fm. Thank you!
Tips For Using Castbox’s Community Tab
Hi Castboxers, here are some tips for you to use the in-app Community tab:1.HashtagsMakesure to use
hashtags when you write a comment or make a new post. This makes iteasier to find similar types of cont ent, and also to search for your specificcontent.Youcan also tap the blue Hashtags. This will take you to al l the comments andposts that contain that Hashtag.Youcan also follow Hashtags. When you find a Hasht ag that interests you, make sureyou follow it! They will be saved under the “Followed” section in the Com munitytab.Whenyou are in the “Followed” section, only comments and posts for those Hashtagswill be sh own, giving more targeted and relevant content to you.Also,if you follow lots of Hashtags, you can favorite
the ones that you like themost (they will be starred).2.Post / Comment RankingsOurinternal ranking algori thm for posts and comments is a mixture of replies,likes, and date of the post / most recent replies. Posts that show up under“Hot” are likely recent posts that have a lot of discussion among users. Trythinking of i nteresting topics of discussion to improve the visibility of yourpost / comment.3.Replying Youcan reply to either a post or a comment underneath that post. Currently, onlythe direct person that you reply to will be notified in-app. So make sure ifyou are writing a reply that you reply to the correct person.4.Political Topic sPeopletend to get heated when discussing politics. We understand. However, this doesnot give you the r ight to attack or threaten others when they have differentopinions.Ifyou cannot control yourself, please refr ain from posting or commenting onpolitical topics. It hurts the community, and doesn’t resolve anything. Y ourcomments may be deleted for inappropriate language.We value mature and healthy discussions. Peop le’s viewpoints can bediscussed and refuted, but don’t attack anyone personally.
Castbox Ambassador Program
Join the global Castbox community by promoting your countries local content!AboutThe Castbox Ambass
ador Program enables podcast enthusiasts around the world to share their local content and engage with the global community. If selected as an Ambassador, you’ll receive an official letter via email. There are g oodies too! Free Castbox Premium membership during your time as an ambassador and access to other ambassadors all over the world. There’s even a chance to be employed by Castbox and become a full-tim e employee.What does a Castbox Ambassador do?Recommend podcasts to Castbox each month to be f eatured in the App.Suggest ways to optimize user experience in their local market.Identify opportunities to
better market Castbox in their local market.Help with translationLanguage requirement: English JOIN US! Fill in the form hereQuestions? Reach us at contact@castbox.fm
Welcome to Become a Castboxer by joining our Telegram group!
To join our Telegram group: https://t.me/CastboxUser. What does it require to be a Castboxer?Castbox u
sers hope to get answers by posting in the community. They are in need of expert users to help them out. So if:You can prove yourself a Castbox enthusiast/superfan. You want to become the best Castbox expert s and advocates;You know how to get the most out of Castbox and are glad to help answer questions or s olve user issues in the Castbox online communities;You want to engage with other podcast listeners/podc asters and discuss podcasts with other fans;You are keen to provide feedback on products, submit innova ted ideas for Castbox, and share your inspirational experiences in the community;Then you are the one w

e are looking for!What’s in it for Castboxers?You get to rock a (digital) badge of honor on your social medi a channels.You get gifts like Free Castbox Premium membership and BOX tokens. We have how-to guid es for you to trade BOX tokens and convert them into money. The more BOX tokens you earn, the more money you will get. No upper limit!Are you in?We always welcome new Castboxers, so click here to join d irectly!How do I know that I qualify?In the Telegram group, we will keep track of your contribution. Once y ou help answer enough questions, make enough interactions with other members, submit valuable ideas, or promote our app to others successfully, you will be in our list of qualified Castboxers. We will publish th e results in the groups regularly and invite you to be a part of our core Castboxers group.
Castbox in-app Community Rules
Castbox Community (the "Community" tab on the bottom of the app interface) is the place for listeners to
discuss podcasts and communicate with podcasters. We love podcasts, and we want to protect the experi ence and safety of Castbox users. Please read Castbox Community Rules below carefully before use!1. P lease comply all applicable local, national and international laws while using our services.2. Please do not attack anyone based on gender, race, sexual preference, political views or any other personal premise.3.
No Ads, no spam or scams. Admins may make an official thread of these posts.4. Do not use obscene, le wd, lascivious, filthy, or excessively violent language. 5. Any activity that may harasses, threatens, or bulli es forum participants is prohibited. Harassment can take many forms including stalking, repetitive pesterin g of a targeted individual, profanity, and unwanted sexualization. 6. It is prohibited to share content that m ay reveal people’s private and confidential information.7. Please do not post or distribute images or video s of minors without the necessary consent from their legal representatives.8. Content intended to imperso nate a person or channel is prohibited.9. Please respect others’ intellectual property rights. Do not share a ny content that you do not own. 10. External links are not allowed. Any external links posted will be remo ved and the account will be blocked.11. If you see a post that violates the forum rules, please report it by clicking the more options icon in the bottom right under the post. Administrators and moderators group ma y remove reported posts depend on circumstances.12. Moderators review each post, and the improper co ntent will be deleted. Users who post such content will be banned and cannot post for some time.Thank y ou very much for your support and understanding! :-)
**Attention please - Tips for searching in Castbox Help Center
Thanks for coming to our Help Center and trying to find answers. We understand you are eager to get ad
vice. To increase your chance to find the right answer, here are a few things you need to know:Rule No.1 Please search only in English.Rule No.2Please don’t expect this search engine to be as smart as Google search. So try to avoid questions beginning with why, what, how, or where etc. They won’t help at all. Inst ead, please keep the keywords short and to the point. For example, instead of asking "how do I remove p odcasts from favorites", please just type "favorites". You will find a list of possible results. Rule No.3We en courage you to search in the first place. However, if you didn’t find anything helpful by searching, please d on’t rush into submitting a ticket or contacting us via email. Also, if you didn’t find anything related, please don’t keep searching for like a dozen times. We categorized the common issues into different types, targe ting at listeners and podcasters. Please tap "See all articles", scroll down and take a look at them. Please first identify which category your issue belongs to, select it and then scroll up to scan all articles of the spe cific category. You can check out the following screenshots.If you are looking for a feature that you didn’t f ind both in the app and help center, it’s highly possible that we don’t have it yet. Please tap here to fill out our Feature Request form. We suggest you to look through articles in "Getting started"Tap the icon to sea rch Tap "See all articles" to see the outlineWhen you select a category, the articles will appear in the top. Please scroll up. If you don’t find info related to your question, you can scroll to the bottom and submit a t icket.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Face book group
What is Castbox?
What is Castbox?When we founded Castbox in 2016, we were trying to solve a simple but frustrating pro
blem: How do we find more podcasts and programming on topics we love? 20 million users and countless cups of coffee later, we feel like we’ve finally built a solution. We’ve invested in advanced artificial intellig ence, robust recommendation engines, and pioneered the world’s first automated transcribing and indexin g tool for podcasts that powers our In-Audio Search. With more than 95 million episodes in our library and

a full suite of tools geared toward discovery, we’re confident that Castbox will help you find more of what you love - no matter what it is.Our Mission:To connect people to information through listening whenever a nd wherever they want.Our Vision:Be the heart of the spoken audio revolution
Explore your Castbox - User Guide
Hi, thank you for choosing Castbox! Take a screen tour to know your Castbox better.Home pageWhen yo
u open your Castbox, the first screen that you see is the home page.1. Discover tab - there are lots of rec ommendations/suggestions.2. Community tab - a good place for you to express your idea about the conte nt.3. Library tab - your Downloads, Playlist, New Episodes, Favorites and Listening History are all in this t ab.4. Personal tab - you can edit your personal profile and check app settings, etc.5. Categories - click he re to check podcasts in different categories, such as Comedy, Business, Health, etc.6. Audiobooks - find t he audiobooks you are interested in here.7. Radio - enjoy the live radio stations.8. Originals - the list of sh ows that belong to Castbox originals.9. Networks - find the podcast networks here, such as NPR, Wonder y, etc. 10. Search feature - you can search channels/episodes/audiobooks/networks/audio/radio, and add the RSS feed.11. Download icon - to access your downloads quickly. Show Info pageClick to enter a podc ast/channel, you will get the following page. Click the "Subscribe" button, you can add this podcast to your
subscriptions. After subscribing to the podcast, this button will turn into grey, then click it, you can remove
it from your subscriptions.1. Play an episode quickly - click the cover of this episode.2. Download an epis ode.3. The "search" icon is for you to search episodes within the channel; the "filter" icon is for you to filter the unplayed or downloaded episodes; the "sort" icon is to change the sort of episodes from newest to ol
dest or oldest to newest.4. More settings of this channel.Episode Details pageBy clicking the title area of an episode, you can get the following page.1. Add the episode to your Favorites section. 2. Leave a com ment to this episode.3. Download.4. Add/Remove the episode from your Playlist section.5. Mark the episo de as played.Now Playing pageWhile you are listening to an episode, we call the following page as the no w playing page. 1. Cast button - when your phone and cast devices (Chromecast or Google Home) conne ct to the same WIFI, this button will be highlighted, click it, you can cast the episode to these devices.2. Pl ayback settings button - you can enable/disable volume boost, trim silence and set the playback speed he re.3. Duration change - long press 10s or 30s button, you can change the duration from 5s to 30s.4. Slee p timer.Library tabYou can find your downloaded episodes, playlist, new episodes from your subscribed p odcast, favorites, and listening history (the clock-like icon on the top right corner) here.Personal tabIn this tab, you can edit your personal info and change the app settings, etc. 1. View and change your profile (im age, username, age, etc.)2. Upgrade your Castbox account to the premium one or input the redeem code
to go premium.3. Customize your Castbox by changing the settings. Still can’t find what you’re looking for ?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Getting Involved
Telegram - Castbox Official CommunityGet timely support and warm welcome from Castbox and Castbo
x users. Click to join: https://t.me/CastboxUserFacebook Post questions and get answers from expert use rs. Click to join: https://www.facebook.com/groups/castboxsupport/ RedditInteract with other Castbox user s and share your ideas. Click to subscribe: https://www.reddit.com/r/castboxInstagram Stay tuned to Cast box updates. Click to follow: https://instagram.com/castbox_fm?igshid=w8dghwrpansp TranslationsIf you’ d like to help with in-app translations, please shoot us a message at translate@castbox.fm. Thank you for
your interest!
How to contact us?
Please note that our support staff is limited. We will try our best to get back to you as quickly as possible, but it may take a while.Please take a look at our Help Center and you can find common troubleshooting ti
ps and answers to most questions.If you didn’t find anything helpful to you, you can click here to get invol ved in our community and report your issue to admins. If you want to reach out to us for support, please g o to Personal - About - Contact us - and select the type of feedback you are going to submit.
For feature requests, please select the first option and fill out the form, or you can visit this ar ticle Fill out our Feature Request form to submit requests as well.For crash, stop issues etc, please select the second option and submit us an email with your log. Please provide us with as much detail as possibl
e. It will be better if you can send us a screen recording (if you think it helps). Thank you!

Fill out our Feature Request form
Let your voice heard!If you want to suggest a new feature or how to improve the existing features, please click to fill out our request form. You can either vote for the most requested features or submit your own i
deas. Your vote and advice really matter and we will take them seriously. Our development plans and prio rities rely on your responses. Once your feature request is taken, we will update you and other Castbox u sers on how the development is going in our communities. So let’s get involved!
What is Castbox Privacy Policy?
For the detailed information regarding the Privacy Policy of Castbox, please check this link: https://castbo
x.fm/policy.html.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram gro up or Facebook group
Recent App Crash - Cannot open the app
If you’re experiencing a bunch of apps suddenly crashing on your recent Samsung phone, you’re not alo
ne. This afternoon US time, reports from dozens, then hundreds of users on the Samsung subreddit start ed coming in, complaining of apps crashing on their phones, constantly and seemingly at random. It’s cau sing some major headaches.(This issue is not caused by Castbox/Podcast Player, but it is relevant to the latest version of Android System Webview.)How to Fix the Recent App CrashesPlease go to the main An droid Settings menu, then tap "Apps & Notifications" (just "Applications" on some phones). Find Android S ystem Webview in the list and tap it. (If you can’t see the app, check the three-dot menu and tap "show sy stem apps.") Do not disable the app. Tap the three-dot menu at the top right of this screen, then select "Uninstall updates." This won’t uninstall Android System Webview completely—it’s an essential compone nt, and many apps will cease to function without it. Instead, it will remove the updates installed from the Pl ay Store and restore it to the version that came with your phone. This isn’t ideal, but it’s better than having
a phone that can’t go thirty seconds without an app crash.Tap "OK" on the warning that pops up, and you
should be done. If you’re still seeing constant app crashes, try a reboot of your phone.Hopefully, and ass uming that this is a problem with Android System Webview, a further update will fix the issue soon. If you see the app crashing problem return, try repeating the steps above—the Play Store may have automatical ly updated the app without alerting you.Original link to this article: https://www.androidpolice.com/2021/03/ 22/surprise-app-crashes-are-plaguing-tons-of-android-users-heres-how-to-fix-them/
Bluetooth Related Issues (Android)
Car BluetoothIf you have connected Castbox to your Car Bluetooth before, it is possible that the next tim
e you get in the car (when Bluetooth reconnected), the app would automatically play where you left off (la st played episode). Then, to disable such kind of autoplay, please go to the app Personal tab - Settings - Block receiver auto play and turn this setting on. Bluetooth headphoneIf you have problem with Bluetooth controls (Playback, Fast forward, Rewind), please describe the problem and send us your log when it hap pens again. Please go to your Castbox "Personal" tab - "About" - "Contact us" - "Submit report via email... " and send us an email in this way. Then we could get to know your log for further analysis . If you have pl ayback pause problem when connect Castbox to Bluetooth devices, please refer to this article -What sho uld I do if playback stops?Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Tel egram group or Facebook group
Requests regarding bookmark, chapter, alarm, subtitle, and equalizer.
Sorry, we don’t have these features yet.Please click here to Fill out our Feature Request form. We will re
view your requests regularly and develop the most requested ones.Thank you!Still can’t find what you’re l ooking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
It shows "buffering" in the mini player on the drop-down notification area?
Sorry about this issue. It has been fixed and will work properly in v7.69. Please stay tuned.If this is not w
hat you are experiencing, please feel free to send the relevant screenshots or a screen recording/video to contact@castbox.fm. Thank you! :-)
The sound does not pause/stop while I’m using navigation apps (Waze, Google Maps, etc.) or when notifi cation comes.

Hi Castbox users,If you are using v7.66.3, and find that your app could not pause when notification come s, please go to the Google Play Store app, and update Castbox to the newest version. This issue has bee n solved.Thank you!
Can I listen for free/without downloading?
Of course. You can listen to all of the podcasts available through open sources. You can stream episode
s without downloading. There is no limit to that.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What is Castbox Premium/membership? How can I subscribe to it?
Castbox Premium is the paid version of the app with the following premium features.a) No ads (visual). Y
ou won’t see any graphic ads or video ads while launching the app or anywhere else in the app.b) Unlimit ed subscriptions. Free users are limited to subscribe to 100 channels only, after upgrading to the premium version, you can enjoy an unlimited number of your subscribed channels.c) Personalized Homepage. Yo
u can set the Library page as the default homepage, once this feature is turned on in the app settings, ne xt time if you open the app, what you can see first is your Library page.d) Advanced Playback Settings. Y ou can set custom Playback Effects (Speed, Volume boost, Trim silence) for individual podcasts. Also, yo u can set a custom duration to skip at the beginning of a podcast.For free users, the Playback Effects are global settings, so changing speed or volume boost applies it for all podcasts. However, with Advanced Pl ayback Settings, premium users can set different playback effects for different podcasts.e) Your email will
be replied at the earliest convenience of the support team.f) If any new feature is released, you can enjoy
it first.To subscribe to the Premium, please go to the app "Personal" page, click "Castbox Premium", to pr ocess this. Or, you can click the "Premium" button on the "Discover" tab to process this. And you can see different subscription plans there. If you do not add any payment method in Google Play, you have to add one to continue.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram gro up or Facebook group
How can I know the next billing date for my premium service?
1. Google Play StorePlease open the Google Play Store app - click Menu – Subscriptions – find Castbox
– check the first charge date.2. Apple App StorePlease go to the App Store app – "Today" tab – click the f igure button in the top right corner – your name and ID box – Subscriptions – find Castbox – check the ne xt billing date.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group
or Facebook group
How can I cancel my Castbox membership/premium subscription?
1. Google Play Storea) Launch the Google Play Store app on your Android phone.b) Click your avatar - S
ubscriptions - tap Castbox to cancel it.Here is the link from Google Play about how to cancel, for more det ails, please check: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481?hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform% 3DAndroid2. Apple App StorePlease go to your App Store app on your iPhone - "Today" tab – click the fig ure button in the top right corner of that page - your name and ID box - Subscriptions - find Castbox and c ancel it.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Fa cebook group
Why am I still limited to 100 subscriptions after going to the Premium?
Please check:1) if you log out and log in the app after going to the Premium;2) if you have a "diamond" ic
on on your profile image in the Personal tab;3) if you are using the Castbox account which is subscribed t o the Premium.If the above notes are not applicable, for Google Play users, please send the Order ID in t he email sent by Google Play to contact@castbox.fm. Its format is like GPA.1234-1234-1234-12345.For i OS users, please make sure that you are using the App Store account which is used to subscribe to the P remium.
Why am I still hearing audio ads after I go premium?
We are very sorry that all audio content, including the audio ads, is made and provided by the podcasters
, thus we cannot remove such audio ads. Castbox does not produce or control any of the audio content o f podcasts.What we could control is the graphical/text picture ads, which cannot be seen in the app by pre

mium users since we are working to keep a clean interface to our users. Maybe you can contact the podc aster to express your idea about such ads and see if they could help.Still can’t find what you’re looking for ?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
If I use more than one device, do I need to subscribe to Castbox Premium multiple times?
You do not need to subscribe multiple times on different devices. Note that you will have to be logged int
o the same account that you’ve registered for Castbox Premium.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Bro wse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How to import Premium or Patreon RSS feeds (a.k.a Private RSS) that you purchased from other premiu m content providers into "Your Library" in Castbox?
You may import your private RSS into "Your Library" for your own use by copy and paste the RSS feed i n the search box in Castbox Android or iOS app.Such private RSS will stay as private data to the user, an d can not be accessed by any unauthorized parties.If the RSS feed requires authentication, you will need to embed your username and password in the RSS URL by following the patter below:https://username:p assword@the_rss_feed_url/ where ’the_rss_feed_url’ is your podcast RSS feed url WITHOUT the ’http://’ prefix. After that, you could simply search the supplemented URL in the search bar and import it on Castb ox Android or iOS App. If you still fail to import, would you mind sending us the URL with your username a nd password? You could reach us at contact@castbox.fm. Please do not worry, we would only use them f or a test.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or F acebook group
Can I suggest a channel to be added to Castbox?
You can paste the private RSS feed or the iTunes link for a specific podcast into the search bar on the Di
scover page and subscribe to it. If you are the owner of this podcast, please refer to this article: Submit m y podcast to Castbox.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegra m group or Facebook group
How can I find/search for an episode?
There’s a main search bar on Discover tab. You could first enter the name/title of the episode, tap search
, then swipe to the "EPISODES" category in the search results to view all episodes. We also support sear ching in different categories: channels, audiobooks, episodes, networks, audio, radio and posts. You coul d simply swipe and go to different category.We also support searching episodes within Show Info pages. For Android users, you could tap the "magnifying glass icon" on the right side of the episodes number. Fo r iOS users, plese click the "more" button (three horizontal dots) in the top right corner of the channel pag e and click "Search". Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegra m group or Facebook group
How do I unsubscribe from a channel/delete subscriptions/remove it from my Library?
If you want to unsubscribe from a podcast or remove it from your Library, go to "Show Info" page, and tap the grey "Subscribed" button.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our
Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I hide played episodes/only see unplayed episodes?
Yes, please go to the Channel Info page, tap the "filter" button under "COMMENTS" and choose "unplay
ed". You could also filter "downloaded" episodes. This feature is available both in the Android and iOS ver sions. If you are an Android user, you could also set to remember the filter for a channel. Please tap the " more" button (three vertical dots) on the top right corner of Channel Info page - Settings - and enable "Re member the filter settings", as shown in picture 2. This "filter" function is also available for Downloads, Pla ylist and New Episodes sections so that you could feel free to filter "unplayed" or "downloaded" episodes. 1. 2. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Face book group
How do I comment on a channel or an episode?
1) To comment on a channel: please go to the "Channel Info" page and tap the "COMMENTS" under "Su

bscribed" button.2) To comment on an episode: you could tap the the comment icon on the preview (half) page or Now Playing page. You can also comment with the timestamp, thus others could click your timest amp directly to listen to the content. The format of the timestamp is 16:51 (for example), the numbers coul d be changed. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram grou p or Facebook group
How can I subscribe via RSS feed?
Please copy and paste an RSS feed or the iTunes link for a specific podcast into the search bar on the Di
scover page, click the "search" button on your keyboard to search it, if this channel appears, you can sub scribe to it.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or
Facebook group
How can I find audiobooks?
You could tap and enter "Audiobooks" category in the Discover page, then tap the search button on the t
op right corner to search a particular audiobook.Also, you could input the name of audiobook in our searc h bar, and choose "AUDIOBOOKS" category in the search results.If you don’t see what you’re looking for, please send the titles to podcaster@castbox.fm, and we’ll do our best to add them to our catalog.Still can
’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I manually rearrange my subscriptions?
For Android users:Try the "Tags" feature.Please click to enter the "Channel Info" page of a channel – thre
e verticaldots on the top right corner – "Settings" – "Tag", create a new tag or add itto the existing tags. Y ou can add other channels to this tag in the same way. Then, please check out your channels by going to the "Library" tab – Subscriptionsto locate your tags. You can also manage the tags by clicking on the butt on in thetop right corner of the Subscriptions section and opening the Tags menu. The " Tags" feature is alsoavailable for the "Downloads" and "New Episodes" sections now. For example, youca n create a tag named "Favorites", enable the "Auto download" feature for thepodcasts under this tag, then
easily track the newly updated episodes fromthese subscribed podcasts by going to the "Library" tab, "Do wnloads" and "New Episodes" sections. The Tag function is perfectfor users who want to have multiple Pl aylists. Easily toggle between tags underDownloads and New Episodes to cater to your listening needs.F or iOS users:Use the Drag & Drop function to manually change the order. The "Tags" feature is also avail able in the iOS version. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Teleg ram group or Facebook group
How do I change the layout of subscriptions?
Please tap the "three vertical dots" on the top right side of your subscribed channels and choose "Layout" and change it into List, Largegrid or Small grid.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the
FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I sort my subscriptions?
You could click on the "three vertical dots" button in thetop right corner of the Subscriptions section in the Library tab. Then, tap "SortBy" and choose your preferred way to sort subscriptions by three options:Tim
e added, Name A to Z or Time updated.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I see the description of an episode?
You could choose and tap any episode to access its description under "About This Episode" in preview/h
alf page as shown in pic.1. If you are on on the Now Playing page, you could tap the"three vertical dots" o n the top right corner to find the episode description shown in pic.2.1.2.Still can’t find what you’re looking f or?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I share channels and episodes I enjoy?
If you want to share a channel, please tap the "share" button on the top right corner in Channel Info. as s
hown in pic.1.If you want to share an episodes, you could tap the "share" button on the preview/half page shown in pic.2.There’s also a share button in Now playing page, simply tap it to "Share channel", "Share e

pisode" or "Share episode with position" as shown in pic.3.1.2.3.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Bro wse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I add an episode to Favorites or remove an episode from Favorites?
You could tap the "Heart" icon in episode preview page, or at the bottom right corner of the Now Playing
page to save the episode toFavorites. Then you could access your favorite episodes in the "Favorites" se ction under the "Library" page. To remove them out of "Favorites", please click the episode and tap the "H eart" icon again.1.2.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram
group or Facebook group
How can I only listen to the unplayed episodes? (Android)
Please go to app "Settings" - "Auto Skip" and turn the options on. In this way, only unplayedepisodes will
appear in your "Next Up". "All subscriptions" is the global setting to control. Also, you can click to set this f or individual podcasts. The default setting is ON. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse throu gh the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I report issues of a channel or inappropriate comments?
Castbox has a zero tolerance policy for inappropriate comments. If you see any, simply tap the "three ver
tical lines" button under the comment and select the "Report issues". Four reasons there: Unwanted com mercial content or spam; Pornography or sexually explicit material; Hate speech or graphic violence; Hara ssment or bullying. The Castbox team will review every reported comment and will try to remove offensive
comments as soon as possible. To report a channel, please tap the "three vertical dots" on the top right corner in Channel Info page and choose Report Issues, then you could select the reasons as shown below.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Fa
cebook group
How can I quickly access the episode that is now playing /played last time?
We designed aneasy-to-use floating "player bar" at the bottom of Castbox app. No matter whichpage/tab
you are browsing in the Castbox app, you can activate the “player bar”by wiping down the current screen t o enter the now playing page or directly pick up where you left off.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Br owse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I play episodes in chronological order? (Android)
In the “Channel Settings” page(the three vertical buttons on the top right corner of the “Channel Info”page
), there is a “Play” button for you to change “Top to Bottom” or “Bottom toTop”, which will change the play back order, not the order of the episode list.For example, there are 3 episodes in a channel, you select “B ottom to Top”,playback will start from the 3rd episode and continue to the 2nd episode.Still can’t find what
you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I find my listening history?
Please go to the Library tab and tap the “clock” icon on the top right corner to view your listening history.
Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I directly access my downloads, subscriptions, playlist and new Episodes?
For Android usersIf you are are using Android 7.1 and above, you may press and hold the Castbox icon
on your phone to use the shortcut feature - four options will appear - "Subscribed", "Downloaded", "Playlis t" and "New Episodes". You can also add them as shortcuts on your home screen, and click to directly ac cess different sections. (Some phones may not support the "shortcut" feature.)For iOS usersPlease use 3 D touch feature - deeply press the Castbox app logo on your iPhone home screen, then you will see "Sha re Castbox", "Subscribed", "Playlist", "New Episodes" and "Download". Press one, and you can access th at section directly.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram g roup or Facebook group
How can I sort the order of episodes from oldest to newest/newest to oldest?

In the“Channel Info” page or Downloads section, you can click the “three lines and an arrow” button unde rthe “COMMENTS” icon to change the order of the episode list.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Bro wse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I move Castbox (the app) to SD card? (Android)
Please note that once you move the app to SD card, the widget on the home screen will be unavailable. I
f you want to use widget, please move the app back to device memory.To move Castbox app to SD card, please go to the phone Settings - Apps - Castbox - Storage - Change and set it to SD card. There may be a different path according to different phone models.Eg: Samsung Galaxy S7 edgeFor the previously do
wnloaded episodes, we’re afraid that you may not be able to move them directly. We suggest you finish li stening to them first, then you could go to the app Settings, scroll down, tap "Change storage location" an d set it to SD card as shown in pic.1&2. Thus, the newly downloaded episodes would be saved to your S D card. 1.2.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group o r Facebook group
How can I remove the red dots/badge of new episodes on the cover of my subscription once for all? Please go to Library - Subscriptions - tap the three dots button at the top right hand side - select "Clear B
adges".If you want to turn off the badge completely, please go to Settings - Notifications - Castbox - Turn off "App Icon Badge".Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegra m group or Facebook group
Can I sort the search results? (Android)
Yes. After you type in the the keywords, please tap the button at the right side of the search bar and sele
ct the way you prefer to sort the search results. There are three options: 1. Relevance 2. Newest 3. Most Popular.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or F acebook group
Can I add a channel to Favorites?
Currently, you can only add episodes to Favorites. If you want to categorize your subscriptions, please vi
sit this article: How do I manually re-arrange my subscriptions? Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Bro wse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What is the update interval?
The app refreshes new episodes automatically every hour. Opening a podcast also triggers it to retrieve
new episodes. If you know a new episode comes out but it doesn’t show up, please enter the podcast and come back after 15-20mins.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our T
elegram group or Facebook group
How to delete my comment?
Please swipe upward until you come to the Recent Comments section and find your comment according
to the date.You can tap the more button at the bottom right corner and choose "Delete".Still can’t find wha t you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I add tag and edit my tags?
AndroidAdd tagIndividual podcastsClick to enter the "Show Info" page - three vertical dots on the top righ
t corner - "Settings" - "Tag", tap the plus button to create a new tag or choose from the existing/common t ags. Multiple podcastsGo to "Library" tab - Subscriptions - three vertical dots on the top right corner - Tag s menu - click the orange button at the bottom right corner- create the tag’s name and select multiple sho ws belong to the tag. Edit tagsChange the orderHold the left side of a tag and drag to reorder it. Change n ame/Add or remove showsTap the tag to enter the edit page - save before you exit.Delete a tagTap the ta g to enter the edit page - swipe to the bottom - DELETE TAG.iOSAdd tagGo to "Library" tab - Subscriptio ns - tap the plus button at the right side - create the tag’s name and select multiple shows belong to the ta g. Edit tagsChange name/Add or remove showsTap the tag to enter the edit page - save before you exit. Delete a tagTap the tag to enter the edit page - swipe to the bottom - Delete Tag.Still can’t find what you’r e looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group

What is Zen Mode?
Zen Mode is here! With this new feature, you would be able to relax and fall asleep better.More than 100
nature sounds available, play alone or remix, try to make your own sleep trigger!You can find it in Library page.Open zen modeSet the sleep timerTap to remove a sound and the icon turns greyTap to select the sounds you likeTap to adjust the volume of three different soundsTap to pauseSettingsTap the icon and t hen select the sound below to replace the sound before Tap to show/hide volume adjustmentDrag the bar
to adjust the volumeStill can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegra m group or Facebook group
Mark all episodes as played/unplayed
These two features work for your subscribed podcasts.You can enter the "Show Info" page of a subscrib
ed podcast, and click the "three vertical dots" button on the top right corner to get these two features. The n you can choose to make all episodes in this channel as played or unplayed, as shown in the following s creenshot.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Can I rate the podcasts/episodes?
If you like/dislike a podcast or an episode, please check out this article How do I comment on a channel o
r an episode? and leave your comments to interact with the podcaster or other listeners.
What does the "E" next to an episode title mean?
The "E" symbol next to the title of an episode means that it contains explicit content.
Can I see the subtitles of podcasts?
Sorry but we don’t have this feature.If you want to see the transcripts of certain podcasts, please go to th
eir website. You can go to the website directly through the link in the podcast details page.
If I can’t subscribe to any new/more channel, what should I do?
Please note that for our free version, the subscriptions limit is 100. If you want to subscribe to more chan
nels, you could give our premium version a try by simply going to the app Personal page - Go Premium.If you have not reached the subscriptions limit, please go to your phone Settings - Apps - Castbox - Storage
- clear the cache.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram g roup or Facebook group
If the new episodes are not updated/loading in time, what should I do?
Normally, the app will refresh and update new episodes after you open the app for 15-20 minutes. If a po
dcast doesn’t update the latest episode several hours after it is released, please reach out to the podcast er to get more info. You can submit a ticket or send an email to podcaster@castbox.fm if you are sure the problem is on our side.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegr
am group or Facebook group
I’ve changed my settings on the app and my phone to get push notifications for new episodes. Why am I s till not getting them?
Please firstly go to the phone Settings - Apps - Castbox - Notifications and check if you allowed this for C astbox. There could be different paths for different phone models.Then, please go to app Settings - Notific ations - New Episodes and see if you checked the podcasts you would like to get push notifications for ne w episodes.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group o r Facebook group
What should I do if the podcasts don’t load? (Android)
Please go the phone Settings- Applications- Castbox- Storage- Clear cache, after clearing the cache, go
back to the app and see if the podcasts could load successfully. If it still doesn’t work, please try to go the phone Settings- Applications- Castbox- Storage- Clear data, however, please note that once the data is cl eared, what you have downloaded via Castbox will get lost.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse t

hrough the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Why can’t I play or download episodes from "My Favorite Murder" show? (Android)
If you cannot play or download episodes from this show - "My Favorite Murder with Karen Kilgariff and G
eorgia Hardstark", please go to your phone Settings app - Applications - Castbox - Storage - and clear the cache.After clearing the cache, the content could be refreshed, then please check if you can play and do
wnload episodes from this show.
Can the playback automatically jump the silent part of the audio (Trim silence)?
Yes, you may tap the adjustment button (two uneven dotted lines and is located in the top right-hand cor
ner of your episode page) and enable the “Trim Silence” feature. This feature will help reduce the length of episodes by cutting out pauses and other gaps at the beginning/end. The setting is available for all pod casts, no matter they are being streamed online or have already been downloaded on the device. For n ow, this setting is universal not podcast specific. Still can’t find what you’re looking for? Browse thro ugh the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Can I change the playback speed of the episode?
Yes, you can change the playback speed via the adjustment button. The adjustment button looks like two uneven dotted lines and is located in the top right-hand corner of your episode page. Please click the adj
ustment button, and scroll the playback speed bar to set the playback speed.Alternatively, by clicking the cover photo area on the now playing page, the playback speed button will come out. You can tap the 1.0x to set the speed. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram g
roup or Facebook group
Can I change the skip and rewind times (Android)?
For Android users, yes, please go to the “Now Playing” page and hold down the “10s” or “30s” button to a
ccess the option to select “5s”, “10s”, “15s”, “20s” and “30s”.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Can I set a Sleep Timer for playback?
Yes, Castbox does have a sleep timer feature, you can find it (a clock button) on the Now Playing page.
Castbox offers multiple time settings for you to choose from.When you turn on the sleep timer, you will fin d a countdown timer below the clock icon indicating the time left. When the sleep timer is off, there will be nothing below the little clock icon.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I enable/disable continuous play/autoplay? (Android)
To enable the continuous play, please tap the playback mode icon (on the mini player bar or in the now p
laying page) as shown below to open your “Next up” list, then tap the playback mode icon on the top right corner and change it to “Play till the end” or “Repeat the list” mode. It is a global setting.There are three pl ayback modes:1) Play till the end. It means that if you have 30 episodes in the “Next up” list and start to pl ay from episode 5, it will play from episode 5 to 30.2) Repeat the list. It means that if you have 30 episode s in the “Next up” list and start to play from episode 5, it will play from 5 to 30 to 4, finishing the whole list. 3) Play the current episode. If you finish playing the current episode, no other episode will continue to play .Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook
group
Can I set the app to pause playback when I receive alerts from another app? (Android)
Yes, please go to "Settings" - "Pause for Interruptions", turn it on, and the player will pause for alerts, nav igation instructions, etc. from other apps.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs,
or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I enable "enqueue at the front"/add an episode to the top of the Playlist?
For Android users, if you want to add an episode to the top of the Playlist, please make sure the sorting o rder of the playlist is from new to old (choose the button with a downward arrow).If you want to add an epi

sode to the end of the Playlist, please choose the sort button with an up arrow.For iOS users, please oper ate in the opposite ways: "the up arrow" - the newly added episodes would come to the top of the Playlist; "the downward arrow" - the newly added episodes would come to the end.Still can’t find what you’re looki
ng for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Can I create multiple playlists/more than one playlist?
This feature is fully available both on our Android app and iOS app.As for this feature, you can choose on
e episode to add to one playlist or several playlists, as shown in the following screenshots.Still can’t find w hat you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How to rename or delete a playlist?
You can feel free to rename or delete a playlist, except for the default one - "My Playlist".For Android use
rs1) you can rename or delete the playlists under "My playlist". 2) click to enter a playlist - the "three verti cal dots" icon on the top right corner - Playlist Settings.3) in the Playlist Settings page, you can rename or delete it.For iOS users1) you can rename or delete the playlists under "My Playlist".2) click to enter a playl ist - the "three horizontal dots" icon on the top right corner - Playlist Settings. 3) then you can rename or d elete this playlist. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram gr oup or Facebook group
Can I see the whole length/duration of my playlist?
Yes, you can see it on the app Library tab - Playlists - choose one playlist and enter it - under the title of t
he playlist, as shown below.
How to skip to the previous or next episode in the app?
Please click the cover area in the now playing episode page, then you will get the skip buttons, as shown in the following screenshots.
How can I mark as played or unplayed?
To mark all as played/unplayedTap the button at the top right corner of the Show Info page and select M
ark All as Played/Unplayed.To mark individual episodes as played/unplayedIn the Android appHold on the episode title and selecting the check mark box at the top. To do this for multiple episodes, press and hold on an episode, then select the episodes you’d like to mark as played/unplayed.In the iOS app1) Swipe th
e episode to the left and tap the grey ’’Played" button or swipe to the very left until the episode turns grey i tself. 2) Swipe the episode to the left and tap the green ’’Unplayed" button or swipe to the very left until th e episode turns back to the normal color itself.
How can I add an episode to the playlist or remove an episode from the playlist?
To add an episode to the playlist, please tap the button either on the preview page or the now playing pa ge.Also, please long press an episode in the Channel Info page, after it turns into grey, select others, and
click the "three lines and a plus" button on the top right corner, these episodes could be added to the Play list at a time.To remove an episode/multiple episodes from the playlist, please long press one episode, aft er it turns into grey, select others, and click the "three lines and a minus" button on the top right corner.Stil l can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook gro up
How can I change the order of my playlist?
AndroidHold and drag the left-hand side of the episode to manually change the order of the episodes.Aft
er you make the changes, please remember to pause and resume to save the changes because you nee d to refresh the playlist to make the changes take effect. iOSTap the button at the top right side.Select "E dit".Hold and drag the right side of an episode to change the order.Click "Done".Still can’t find what you’re
looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Can I turn up the volume if the episode volume is too low (Volume boost)?
Yes, you can increase the volume by clicking the adjustment button. The adjustment button looks like tw
o uneven dotted lines and is located in the top right-hand corner of the now playing page. Click the adjust

ment button, and check the “Volume boost” button. Alternatively, you can click the cover photo area on th e now playing page and then tap the amplifier icon to turn on/off “Volume boost”. For now, this setting i s universal not podcast specific. Still can’t find what you’re looking for? Browse through the FAQs,
or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What is the difference between "Playlist" and "Next Up"/"Up Next"?
The “Playlist” and the “Next Up” list are not the same (or always consistent). “Playlist” consists only of e
pisodes you’ve added (by clicking the “three lines and a plus” button). “Next Up” shows upcoming episode s of a podcast you’re currently listening to. Instead of the “Playlist” order, Castbox will default to and priori tize the “Next up” order. This might cause that some episodes in your playlist to play out of order. For ex ample, if you play an episode directly from a channel’s page, your “Playlist” order will stay the same but y our “Next up” list will show a list of episodes from the channel that’s currently playing. Or, if you choose to play an episode directly from your “Downloads” list, your “Next up” list will consist of episodes in your “Do wnloads”. Even if this episode is also on your “Playlist”, the “Next up” list will still follow your “Downloads” l ist because the current episode was played from the “Downloads” list. After you finish rearranging your “ Playlist”, please pause the episode that’s currently playing and resume by tapping it in your “Playlist”. This way, the episodes in your “Next up” list will be updated to the same as those in the Playlist that you have just arranged. You can also rearrange the order of the episodes in the “Next up” section and all changes made there will be applied instantly. Still can’t find what you’re looking for? Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I resume from where I left off?
When you enter a podcast, if you listened to an episode before, you will see the grey bar that allows you t
o resume from where you left off. It remembers the progress of the episode played the last time.
Can I use the Castbox app while using another app?
Yes, Castbox can run and play in the background if you do not pause the playback. However, Castbox wi
ll not run in the background when there is another audio source or video app playing, including Youtube a nd Facebook.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group
or Facebook group
What should I do if playback stops? (Samsung, Pixel, Huawei phones, etc.)
Please identify the issue first based on the following tips:Is your device on battery-saving mode?Are you
using any cache-clearing or power-saving apps?If yes, please turn them off.Stop playing when the phone screen is off/phone is locked after several minutesFor Android 9.0 users, please try the following steps to change your phone Settings.1) go to the phone Settings - Apps - Castbox - Battery - and make the backgr ound activity allowed for Castbox (check the following screenshots to get more instructions)2) go to the ph one Settings - Device care - Battery - Castbox, and turn off the "Put app to sleep" setting. 3) go to the pho ne Settings - Apps - the "three vertical dots" icon on the top right corner - Special access - Optimize batter y usage - choose "All" by clicking the arrow icon - turn off the option for Castbox. (Or you can search "Spe cial access" directly in the phone Settings page)4) check all Battery-relevant settings in your phone Settin gs by searching "Battery" on the Settings page and remove all optimizations for Castbox.For Samsung us ers, go to the phone Settings app - Castbox - Battery - allow background activity. For Pixel users , go to your phone Settings app - Castbox - Battery - Background restriction and remove that. For Hua wei users, go to the phone Settings app - Castbox - Power usage details - App launch- and turn on the se tting "Run in background". If the above method does not work for your Huawei phone, please try the
following steps. Enable Smart tune-up in Phone Manager/Optimizer, and clear data for Phone Manager/ Optimizer by performing the following:a. Open Phone Manager/Optimizer, touch in the upper right corner and enable Smart tune-up.b. Open Settings and search for Apps. Locate and touch Phone Manager/Opti mizer, then go to Storage > CLEAR DATA. Ensure that your phone is connected to the network, then ope n Phone Manager/Optimizer. Wait until Phone Manager/Optimizer displays a score on its screen, and rest art your phone.Here are the screenshots for your reference: For other phone models,Huawei - Only Pr e-EMUI 5.0 / Android 7 - Go to Settings > "Protected apps", check Castbox app and set it as protected.So ny - Tap on the battery icon. Go to Power Management > STAMINA mode > Apps active in standby > Add
Castbox app.Xiaomi - Security (App) > Permissions > Autostart - Enable Castbox.New Xiaomi - Settings

> Developer Options. Disable "memory optimization". To enable Developer Options, please go to Settings > About - tap on MIUI for 8 times.OPPO - Go to Settings > "Security settings" > "Data saving" and enable Castbox.If the above settings do not make any sensePlease go to the app "Personal" page – "About" – "
Contact us" – "Submit report via email", and shoot us a message regarding the situation. Please send us some screenshots or a screen recording so we can further look into it.Still can’t find what you’re looking fo r?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Why is there a message "The source is unavailable" when playing the episodes?
Usually, if you receive a notification that “Castbox can’t play this episode because the source is unavailab le”, it means that the podcast source files could be broken or made unavailable by the podcaster. You can send the names of these episodes to podcaster@castbox.fm for further confirmation.Still can’t find what y
ou’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Will the play order as chosen within channel settings - eg "top to bottom" - be impacted by the sort order o f episodes within the channel page? (Android)
The "top to bottom/bottom to top" setting is a fixed rule. It strictly follows the order of episode list. If you c hange the sort order of episodes within the channel page, the play order will not change unless you manu ally switch to another episode. Once you start another episode, the play order will be refreshed. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What should I do if the app crashes? (Android)
If you can open the app, please go to your Castbox "Personal" tab - "About" - "Contact us" - "Submit repo
rt via email..." and send us an email in this way. Then we could get to know your log for further analysis. If the app won’t open, please try reinstalling it.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FA
Qs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What should I do if the player won’t stay in the notification bar/drop-down menu? (Android)
If the notification player shows up while playing but disappears after the playback is paused for some tim e, it is possible that Castbox is killed by the system in the background.Please go to your phone Settings -
Apps - Castbox - Battery - Optimize battery usage to check if Castbox battery usage has been "optimized" , if it is optimized, please turn off this battery optimize feature for Castbox so the app will not be restricted running in the background.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Tel egram group or Facebook group
Why does the app continue/won’t stop playing after I close or exit the app? (Android)
You might have intended to stop playing by the following ways: 1. Swipe the player off in the notification
menu2. Open the running programs list and clear Castbox out3. Run the command Close AllHowever, the y all won’t work.Please note that you have to stop/pause the playback first before you close the app. Othe rwise, the audio will still be going on.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or j oin our Telegram group or Facebook group
Bluetooth headphone keeps disconnecting while playing
Here is a solution that may help, please try the following steps:1. Go to your phone Bluetooth Menu and c
lick the Forget the Bluetooth device (headphone or car stereo)2. Turn OFF the Bluetooth device3. Turn th e phone Bluetooth Off4. Restart your phone5. Open Castbox app6. Turn ON the Bluetooth device7. Turn your phone’s Bluetooth ON and pair the Bluetooth device.
Why can’t I access the playlist when I’m in airplane mode or off WiFi?
Usually, the playlist can show in the offline mode. If you or some clearing apps on your phone cleared the cache, the playlist wouldn’t be able to access. We recommend you to go to the downloads section to play the episodes. You can choose your preferred layout. Here is how: How do I change the layout of Downlo
ads and New Episodes sections?.
The sound is lowered when a notification comes, how could I do to stop notification sound? (Android) When the notifications come, 1) if you do not enable "Pause for interruptions" feature in the app Settings,

the sound will be lowered, thus you may miss something.2) if you enable "Pause for interruptions" in the app Settings, the player will pause and continue after the notifications.If you’d like to make the player kee p playing without any lower sound and pause, please 1) disable the "Pause for interruption" setting;2) go t o the app Personal tab - About - continuously click the version number under the logo until you access the
development mode. In that page, you could find "Audio Focus", and change it into "false". Then please re start the app.
How do I download episodes?
Go to Channel Info, click the title of an episode and tap the downward button to download it. To downloa
d multiple episodes at a time, please long press one episode, after it turns into grey, choose others, then click the download button on the top right corner of the page.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Brows e through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What should I do if auto download doesn’t work?
Please go to Settings- Auto download- Subscriptions- Customize to check if this feature is enabled for th
e podcasts you’d like to download automatically.If the app is not allowed to run in the background or is run ning under mobile data, then the auto-download feature will not work. Please turn on your WiFi and allow the app to run in the background for full functionality.If the above tips don’t work, please join our communit y, submit us a ticket or reach us at contact@castbox.fm with the following information:1. Please tell us the
names of the podcasts that don’t auto download. 2. If you manually download them, does it work? 3. If yo u connect to WiFi and wait a while after you open the app, will the episodes appear in the Downloads que ue? Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Faceb ook group
How can I store downloaded episodes on my SD card instead of internal storage (Android)?
Please go to “Settings” -> “Change Storage Location” to select “SD card”.Still can’t find what you’re looki
ng for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I disable my mobile data and only use WiFi to download?
Please go to “Settings” -> “Mobile Data Usage”, and turn the options (Stream and Download) off. You ca
n also choose to go to your phone’s mobile data settings, and disable Castbox to use your mobile data.Fo r Android users, if you want to save more data, you can turn off "Show Episode Covers" as well.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Can I listen to downloaded episodes offline?
Yes, if you have already downloaded the episodes, they’ll be available in your downloads even if you can
’t get WiFi. You can access your downloads by going to the “Library” page and clicking on “Downloads.”St ill can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook gr oup
If I finish playing a downloaded episode and enable the "Auto delete" feature, why is this episode still ther e?
The “Auto delete” feature will work within 1 hour after an episode is played in full.Please note that there a re two different auto delete settings. One is for Playlist, and you can find it in Settings- Playback - Auto re move.Another is for Downloads, and you can find it in Settings- Download - Auto delete.Still can’t find wha t you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Can I auto download the episodes in the playlist (Android)?
Yes, you can auto download the episodes in your playlist by tapping the button in the top right corner – e
ntering “Playlist Settings”- turn on "Playlist auto download".Or you can go Settings- Auto download- Playli st auto download.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram gr oup or Facebook group
What should I do if I have trouble downloading to an SD card (Android)?
1. Please go to your phone Settings – Applications – Castbox, and check if Castbox is allowed to use you

r SD card/storage permission/media permission.2. The SD card you are using might not be compatible wit h the app, if possible, so please try another SD card.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse throug h the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I remove downloaded episodes?
Please note that you cannot delete downloaded episodes directly on the channel info page.To remove do
wnloaded episodes, please go to Library - Downloads. You can tap the dustbin button to delete individual episodes. For Android users, you can hold an episode and then select others to delete multiple episodes at one time. For both of Android and iOS users, tap the icon at the top right and you can find the "Delete A ll" option. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I stop/cancel auto downloads?
For Android usersYou may go to Settings - Auto Download - New Episodes - turn that option off, or disabl
e or enable it for the podcasts you would like to have automatically downloaded by clicking the Customize button.Alternatively, you can go to a channel’s show info page - tap the three dots button at the top right- hand side - Settings - Auto Download - select "None". For iOS usersYou may go to the app Personal t
ab - Settings - Auto Download - and turn off the "Subscriptions Auto Download" option. You can also turn off the "Playlist Auto Download" setting, if you do not want to have the episodes added to your playlists do wnloaded automatically.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Teleg ram group or Facebook group
How do I set for each podcast the number of new episodes I want to keep offline (auto download)?
You can go to Settings - Auto download - Subscriptions- New Episodes- select the number you want to k
eep the unplayed episodes (global setting). Or you can go to Settings - Auto download - Subscriptions - Customize- set for each podcast the number you want to keep the unplayed episodes.For example, if you subscribe to a new podcast and you choose to auto download 3 new episodes by default, when new epis odes come out later, it will auto download and keep the latest three episodes, which means old and unpla
yed episodes will be replaced. However, it doesn’t mean the current 3 latest episodes will be downloaded immediately after you subscribe to the podcast/change the setting. It will only auto download the latest on
e episode when you subscribe to a new podcast.So this feature only works for new episodes released aft er you subscribed to this podcast/change the setting. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse throu gh the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I change the layout of Downloads and New Episodes sections?
Please tap the first button on the toolbar to change the layout. There are three ways to group the episode
s: 1.By all episodes - list view and group by release date2.Episodes by channels - list view and group by c hannels3.By channels - cover view and group by channelsStill can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse t hrough the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I sort episodes in Downloads section?
1. Click on the "three vertical dots" button in the top right corner. 2. Tap "Sort By" and choose from two o
ptions: Time downloaded or Time updated.If you want to sort the episodes from oldest to newest/newest t o oldest, please check this out: How can I sort the order of episodes from oldest to newest/newest to olde st?.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group
Why does Castbox use so much data when cellular data is turned off for downloads and streaming (Andro id)?
First, please go to "Settings" -> "Mobile Data Usage", and make sure all the options (Stream, Download a nd Show Episode Covers) are turned off. You can also choose to go to your phone’s mobile data setting, and disable Castbox to use your mobile data.If it doesn’t work, we need more info to further locate this dat a-consuming issue and will forward the info to developers for evaluation. Please drop us an email at conta ct@castbox.fm with the following details. 1) Please show us how much data is consumed during a certain time span (day/week/month).2) When this problem happens again, please go to your Castbox "Personal" tab - "About" - "Contact us" - "Submit report via email..." and send us an email in this way. Then we could

get to know your log for further analysis. 3) Did you usually tap the playback button on the preview half pa ge to play episodes? Or you tap the episode cover/player bar to play them?4) For the downloaded podcas t you listen to, did you download them manually? Or are they auto downloaded?5) Did you turn on any aut o delete settings? There are two auto-delete settings for the app. One is "Automatically delete from Playlis t" and the other one is "Automatically delete played episodes". You could find both of them by going to the app Settings. 6) When you opened the app or played episodes, did you get a pop-up notification asking y our permission to use data?7) Please check if you could play the downloaded podcast normally when you
are offline (without mobile data and wifi).We are working on making our app better and our support team will be glad to help you out.Thanks for your patience and cooperation. : ) Still can’t find what you’re lookin g for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
If I disable mobile data for downloads but want to download an episode when data is on, is there a way to make it wait in the download queue and not download until WiFi is connected?
Yes, for Android users, please choose "later" in the pop-up window after you tap the download button. Fo r iOS users, please choose ""Download Later" in the pop-up window. Then the episodes will be added to t he downloads queue.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegra m group or Facebook group
Why auto download is still happening after I turn it off in settings?
Go to "Settings" -> "Auto Download" and make sure you uncheck "Playlist auto download" and select "No
ne" in New Episodes menu. Enter "Customize" section, check if the default option is "None" for all podcas ts. If not, you can reset. Then go back and select "None" in New Episodes menu. Then it will apply instant ly to all podcasts. After logging out the app, the auto-download settings could not be saved; then when yo u log in the app again, the auto-download settings will be back to the default. Same case happens after y ou clear the data of the app. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What should I do if the app won’t download/download failed?
If you cannot download any episodes, please check if you have enough storage space first.For Android u
sers:1. change your storage location (eg, from SD card to the internal storage by going to the app Person al tab - Settings - Change storage location);2. try to clear the data of the app (Phone Settings - Apps - Ca stbox - Storage - Clear the data). Please note that this way will make your downloaded episodes get lost.I f the above tips do not work, please send the names of the podcasts and relevant screenshots to contact @castbox.fm or submit a ticket directly.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, o r join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Why do downloaded episodes need the Internet to stream again?
If the downloaded episodes cannot be played or need to be streamed again, it is possible that they had b
een removed or their source had been broken.Normally, the playback progress bar of your downloaded e pisodes should be “filled” with the gray color.If the playback progress bar appears to be “empty” (half tran sparent), it is highly possible that your downloaded file has been cleared and no longer available on Castb ox.Could you please check if any management app/phone storage setting would clear large files on your phone? Would you mind deleting this episode and redownloading it? Then you can check if this episode c ould be played normally offline.If the problem persists, when it happens again, please go to your Castbox "Personal" tab - "About" - "Contact us" - "Submit report via email..." and send us an email in this way. The n we could get to know your log for further analysis.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Why did the downloads fail when the app ran in the background? (iOS)
Due to the limitation of the iOS system, the app could not download episodes without playing anything. F
or example, if you listen to an episode while navigating away from the app, the app could continue downlo ading; if you just navigate away from the app without playing episodes, the app could not download.Still c an’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook grou p

How can I delete/deactivate my account?
1. For Android users, please go to the app Personal tab - Settings - Linked accounts and choose "Delete
account", and delete the account by yourself.2. For iOS users, please go to the app Personal tab - Setting s - scroll down to the bottom - click the "Delete Account" button and delete it by yourself.3. If the above w ays could not work, please reach us at contact@castbox.fm with your Castbox account info - which metho d (Google, Twitter or Facebook, etc.) you use to log in and the email address of this login method. We wo uld double confirm the account info with you and further process your request. Still can’t find what you’re l ooking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What happened to the purple version of Castbox? Is it the same app?
Both versions of Castbox are indeed developed by the same company. However, the purple version of C
astbox app is a straightforward listening platform with fewer bells and whistles than its orange counterpart . The orange version of Castbox has a more intuitive UI design, upgraded features, and an overall smooth er interface with updated social sharing capabilities that maximize engagement. The orange version is yo ur best bet for staying up to date with the most innovative podcast app on the market. Your subscriptions i n the purple version can be synchronized to the new orange one, on the condition that you log into Castb ox through the same social login you used to first sign up with Castbox (Facebook or Google).Still can’t fin d what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I log in/out my account in the app? (Login & Logout)
Logging in: When you first open Castbox, the app will ask you to log in via Gmail, Facebook, Twitter, or c
hoose to login later. If you choose to login later, go to the “Personal” page, and tap the “LOG IN” button to return to the login page.Logging out: go to "Personal" - "Settings", and select "Log Out". Benefits of login After logging in, your subscriptions, listening history, playlist and favorites could be saved safely and sync
ed across devices if you log in with the same method.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse throu gh the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Does the app sync across devices?
Yes, if you are using Castbox on Android, iOS or web system, by logging in with the same account, your
subscriptions, playback progress, favorites, history could be synced across devices. Please note that preferences and settings don’t sync across devices. If you change device or reinstall the app, you need to
set up again. The sync feature could work in our latest Android, iOS app and our web version. Norm ally, if you log in the app across devices using the same account, the sync feature will work every 20-30 minutes. After subscribing to a podcast, and after 20-30 minutes, it could display on other versions. If yo u want the podcasts to stay in sync with each device instantly, we are afraid you need to kill the app first a nd then relog in. For example, you subscribe to a podcast on your Android app, and you’d like to get it o n your iOS app instantly. Then you should: log out of the Android version, and kill the app from the backgr ound, then log in; and go to your iOS app, log out and log in. Thus this newly subscribed podcast could ap pear in your subscriptions on the iOS version. The same process works for the instant sync to our web v ersion. Still can’t find what you’re looking for? Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegra m group or Facebook group
Why does Castbox require permissions of Microphone, Camera, storage and Bluetooth (Android)? Castbox requires your permissions of Microphone, Camera, storage and Bluetooth for audio recording, c
hanging profile image, downloading files to your SD card and connecting to a Bluetooth device. You may disable them by going to your phone settings - applications - Castbox - permissions. Please do not worry, Castbox won’t collect any info of your contacts and other stuff. We understand how important it is to make
users trust us. Nobody would like to have his/her personal info obtained by others, and Castbox won’t do anything infringing users’ rights.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join o ur Telegram group or Facebook group
I have unlimited mobile data, how do I disable the "mobile data warning"?
Please go to your app "Settings" - "Mobile data usage" and enable the features of "Stream" and "Downlo
ad" so the pop up notification would not show up.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through th e FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group

How do I turn on/off new episode push and other notifications?
Please go to app "Settings" - "Notification Settings" - Select which kind of notifications you want to receiv
e.For Android users, you can set up E-mail notifications (Castbox newsletters) and Push notifications (Su ggested content, Replies to your comments, New episodes, App Badge) as shown in pic.1.Also, you can go into "New episodes" and customize notifications of new episodes from your subscription as shown in pi c.2.For iOS users, you can set up E-mail notifications (Castbox newsletters) and Push notifications (Sugg ested content, New episodes).1.2.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join
our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I disable data usage?
Please go to the app "Personal" page - "Settings" - "Mobile Data Usage", and turn the options (Stream an
d Download) off. For Android users, you can turn off "Show Episode Covers".Also, please go to your phon e’s mobile data settings, and disable Castbox to use your mobile data.Still can’t find what you’re looking f or?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Why I cannot save downloads/change storage location to SD card (Android)?
Please first make sure that your SD is not in "read-only" mode. Then, please go to the app Settings - Cha
nge storage location and check if the SD option could show up. If it does, please try changing it to Internal Storage and then switch back to SD card. If not, it is possible that your SD card are not able to read succ essfully. You could try remounting (pull out and plug in), reformat your SD card. If the problem persists, w
e’re afraid that you may need to replace your SD card.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse throu gh the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
I have used Castbox for a while without logging in. If I create a account, would I lost my subscriptions? Please do not worry. Your data should be stored on our server. Please kindly log out and log in with the s
ame method, and check if your subscribed podcasts can appear.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Br owse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Why are there no player control buttons in the drop-down menu (Android)?
Please go to your phone Settings - Notifications - select Castbox and see if it is disabled to receive all not
ifications; or if you disable the relevant player notification setting. If so, the player won’t display in the notifi cations menu. After changing the settings, please restart your phone and check if you can see the player. For different phone models, the path might be a different.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse thr ough the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I change my email address?
We are sorry that there may be no direct way to change your email address and sync the account data to another new one. However, you can use OPML export and import features to import your subscribed po
dcasts to your new account which you can create right away. We can help you delete your old account aft er that or you could delete account on your side. Please make use you back up the subscriptions data fir st. Here is the instruction regarding this procedure: 1) Log in your current account, go to the app Settings - OPML export, export the file including your subscriptions info;2) remember the location of this .xml file a nd keep it; 3) Log out (on the bottom of the app Settings page) this account and Log in your new account with a new email address, go to the app Settings - OPML import and import this file. Thus all of your subs criptions will be there.Still can’t find what you’re looking for? Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegra m group or Facebook group
If I cannot log in via Twitter successfully, what should I do?
If you’d like to log in the app via Twitter, the Twitter app should be installed first. Please check if you have installed it.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Will I lose my subscription, playlist or favorites after changing phones/uninstalling/reinstalling?
Of course not.Your subscription (tags), play status, playlist, favorites or history are supposed to sync auto

matically once you sign in with the same account as before. However, the downloads and the app setting s will not be transferred to the new device. Please note that since Castbox offers different login methods, if you selected different entries to sign in without linking them inside the app in advance, Castbox will reco gnize them as different accounts.To link your Facebook, Twitter, Google or Line accounts together to one Castbox account, please go to Personal - Settings - Linked accounts. Then you can use any of them to lo g in.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Faceb ook group
How can I link my Facebook, Twitter or Line accounts (Android)?
Please go to Personal - Settings - Linked accounts to link your Facebook, Twitter, Google or Line accou
nts together to one Castbox account. Then you can use any of them to log in.Please notice that since Cas tbox offers different login methods, if you selected different entries to sign in instead of linking them inside the app, Castbox will recognize them as different accounts. If you have accidentally created another Cast
box account using your Twitter, you will not be able to link it inside the app to the other Castbox account.S till can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook g roup
How do I enable/disable Waze integration? (Android)
Please make sure that the Waze app is installed on your phone first, then please go to Personal - Setting
s - General - Enable/Disable the Waze integration.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Is there a desktop version?
We don’t have the desktop app version so far. Please go to our website Castbox.fm and sign in to listen t
o podcasts.By logging in with the same account, your subscriptions, playback progress, favorites, and hist ory could be synced across platforms (Android, iOS). Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse throu gh the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How to change my username?
Please note that we don’t have the right to change your profile. You can only change it by yourself.For A
ndroid or iOS usersPlease go to Personal - tap "Edit info" (under your username) or your profile photo - cli ck the edit button the top right corner of your profile page - click your username line - type in your new use rname - tap "SAVE".You can also change your profile photo, gender, birthday(age), about me, select your
favorite podcast categories, or choose to hide your location. For Web usersPlease tap your profile photo - go to Subscribed - tap "EDIT PROFILE" below your profile photo - type in your new username - tap "SA VE".You can also upload your profile photo, change your gender and birthday (age).Still can’t find what yo u’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How do I change the language of the app?
Please note that the language within the app (not related to podcast recommendations) follows your syst
em language. So if you want to change it, please change your system language.If you want to get more p odcast recommendations of a certain language, please go to Personal - Settings - Region - change the lo cation. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Fa cebook group
How do I add a widget to the home screen (Android)?
Please note that for some phones models, the approach might be different.Long press the home screen
and tap the Widgets menu. Scroll to find Castbox and tap it. Then it will be added to home screen.Still can ’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Signed in using the wrong account. How do I change accounts?
Please check out this article: How do I log in/out my account in the app? and log out first. Then you can l
og in with the right account.If you forget the way you signed up (Google or Facebook), please send us a li st of possible email addresses. We will check it for you.Please visit this article: How to contact us? to lear n how to contact us.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram

group or Facebook group
What should I do if I enabled Tweet syncing but my comment didn’t share to Twitter (Android)?
If you have multiple Twitter accounts, please check if you connect the right one.Please tell us your email (the account that you log in the orange app - Castbox) and the way you log in (Google or Facebook). We
will help you unlink your Twitter account and you can relink it. Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Brow se through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
If I cannot find Castbox widget, what should I do (Android)?
If you moved the app to the SD card in phone settings (not "Change storage location" in app Settings), wi
dget wouldn’t be available for Castbox. If you want to use widget on the home screen, please move the a pp back to device memory.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Te legram group or Facebook group
How do I unlink Facebook, Twitter, Google or Line accounts? (Android)
We are sorry that you cannot unlink accounts by yourself for now.Please contact us (How to contact us?) and we can help you unlink the accounts.Please tell us your email (the account that you log in the orange app - Castbox) and the way you log in (Google or Facebook). Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Brow
se through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How can I join or leave the Beta program of the app?
We warmly welcome you to join our Beta program, to enjoy the latest version of the app. Please click the
following link to join.https://play.google.com/apps/testing/fm.castbox.audiobook.radio.podcastIf you would not like to be a beta user any more, please click the above link to leave the program.Still can’t find what y ou’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
What is Task Center? How can I earn Golds?
If you set the in-app region setting as the United States, India, China, South Korea, and Brazil, you will g
et this "Task Center" section on the Personal tab.In Task Center, you can complete the tasks, to earn Gol ds. Once you have a certain amount of Golds, you can go to the castmart to buy things, such as 1-month premium version, etc.Please take the following screenshots for your reference.Still can’t find what you’re l ooking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Can I set alarm in the app?
Sorry, we don’t have this feature yet. You can use timer to stop playing podcast after a certain time. Here is how: Can I set a Sleep Timer for playback?.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the
FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
How to clear the cache or data of the app?
For Android users,please go to your phone Settings app - Apps/Applications - find Castbox - click "Storag
e" - and choose to clear the cache or data.For iOS users,please go to your Castbox app - Personal tab - Settings - Clear Cache - you can clear the downloaded files and/or data.Still can’t find what you’re looking
for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
I cannot see my country/region in the Region list of the app. What should I do?
If you can not see your country/region in the app’s Region list, please1) change your phone’s system lan
guage to the main one which is generally spoken in your country/region.2) fully close the Castbox app an d restart it.3) go to the app Settings - Region, and check if you can see your current country/region in this list.
Off-Facebook Activity
If you’d like to turn this option off, please check this article from Facebook’s Help Center: https://www.fac
ebook.com/help/287199741901674?helpref=faq_contentThank you! How to turn off autoplay while connecting to the car Bluetooth? (Android)

Please make sure that you are using the newest version of Castbox Android app, and go to the app Pers onal tab - Settings - Block receiver auto play - turn this setting on, and next time, if the app is fully closed, it won’t play automatically while connecting to your car Bluetooth.
How can I turn off the "Download Notification"?
If you’d like to turn off the Download Notification and prevent it from appearing in your drop-down notificat
ion area, please go to your phone Settings app - Notifications - find Castbox - and turn off the "Castbox D ownload" setting.If these are what you’d like to remove: then, please:
How to request a refund?
If you purchase via Google Play, please send the Order ID/Transaction ID to contact@castbox.fm.The for
mat of this ID is GPA.1234-1234-1234-12345, which could be found in the email (receipt) send by Google Play.If you purchase via App Store, please check this article to request the refund by yourself. https://sup
port.apple.com/en-us/HT204084
Settings on the "Personal" tab - Android
RegionIf you change to another country/region, the contents on the “Discover” tab will be changed accor
dingly.Please note that the app language is according to your phone settings, changing regions within the app would not affect the app language.Linked accountsYou can link your Facebook, Twitter, Google or Li ne accounts together to one Castbox account. Then you can use any of them to log in.Please notice that since Castbox offers different login methods, if you selected different entries to sign in instead of linking th em inside the app, Castbox will recognize them as different accounts. If you have accidentally created an other Castbox account using your Twitter, it will not be able to link inside the app to your other Castbox ac count.Mobile data usageIf the “Stream” and/or “Download” options are disabled, the episodes would not b e played or downloaded under mobile data. If the “Show Episode Covers” is turned off, the covers of epis odes in each channel won’t be displayed.Notification settingsThe settings are enabled by default. You can
choose to receive them or not. “New episodes” could be clicked to set if you’d like to receive the new epis odes notifications from your subscribed podcasts and the podcasts you’ll subscribe later.Dark themeEnab le it, you can enjoy the dark theme.Lock screen playerThere are six kinds of lock screen players, you can enable this feature and choose the one you like.Personalize HomepageThis is a premium feature. For the
premium users, the homepage could be personalized with four options: "Discover", "Search", "Library" an d "Personal".For example, if you want to see you subscriptions first, you could set "Library" as the homep age. Then, the next time you open the app, your Library would show up. Skip episodeTurn it ON to allow t he forward button on your external control (i.e. car) to skip to the next episode.Pause for interruptionsTurn
it ON, and the player will pause for alerts, navigation instructions, etc. from other apps.Auto removeTurn i t ON, this Auto Delete setting will automatically remove finished episodes from your Playlist.Auto skipTurn it ON, this way, only unplayed episodes will appear in your “Next up”.Headphone remoteIf it’s turned on,
you can click the play/pause button once to play and pause the episode. Double click to fast forward by 3 0 seconds, and triple click to rewind by 10 seconds.Auto downloadYou can set this feature for each subsc ribed podcast separately. Also, there is a global setting for you to disable or enable this for all subscription s. The “Advanced options” could be clicked, there you can set whether to enable this feature for all new s ubscriptions later, and whether to download the episodes in your Playlist automatically.Auto deleteTurn it ON, and this setting will remove downloaded episodes after they finish playing in 1 hour.Change storage l ocationYou can choose to store the downloaded episodes in the phone internal storage or SD card.OPML
ImportExport your subscriptions from your secondary podcast app as an .opml file. On Castbox, click this
button, and select “Import from Other Podcast Apps”. Select your .opml file from earlier. Select the chann els you would like to import onto Castbox, then click “Confirm” to complete the transfer. Also, you can imp ort from our old purple app – “Podcast Player”, to make this, please make sure that the purple app is start ed and running in the background.OPML ExportClick it, and your OPML file will be downloaded and expor ted successfully.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram gro up or Facebook group
Can I bookmark podcasts?
Sorry, we don’t have this feature yet. Please visit this article and Fill out our Feature Request form. We wi
ll review your requests regularly and implement the most requested ones.Thank you!

How can I change my password?
If you’d like to change the Castbox-Email account’s password, please log out the app first (The "Log out"
button is at the bottom of the app Settings page), then in the login page, click "Email" button, and on the si gn-in page, click "Forgot password?" to reset the password.
How do I turn off the sound for push notifications?
For Android users Please go to your phone settings - notification settings - Advanced Notification Setting
s - Castbox - tap "Castbox Push" - Importance - select "Medium" or "Low" (Eg: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge) . Please check the screenshots below and see if you have similar settings on your phone.For iOS usersPl ease go to phone settings - notification - find Castbox - toggle "Sounds" off.
Settings on the "Personal" tab - iOS
RegionIf you change to another country/region, the contents on the “Discover” tab will be changed accor
dingly.Please note that the app language is according to your phone settings, changing regions within the app would not affect the app language. Notification SettingsThe settings are enabled by default. You can choose to receive them or not. Mobile Data UsageIf the “Stream” and / or “Download” options are disable d, the episodes would not be played or downloaded under mobile data. Dark ThemeEnable it, you can enj oy the dark theme. Siri ShortcutsTap the control option you want to add to Siri Shortcuts and record your personalized phrase. Then Siri can be activated to tell Castbox to run this shortcut. Personalize Homepag eThis is a premium feature. For the premium users, the homepage could be personalized. Hide Similar E pisodesThis is a premium feature. For the premium users, the similar episodes in the now playing page c ould be turned off. Skip EpisodeTurn it ON to allow the forward button on your external control (i.e. car) to
skip to the next episode. Automatically Delete from PlaylistTurn it ON, this Auto Delete setting will autom atically remove finished episodes from your Playlist. Skip Played EpisodesTurn it ON, this way, only unpla yed episodes will appear in your “Next up”. Headphone RemoteIf it’s turned on, you can click the play / pa use button once to play and pause the episode. Double click to fast forward by 30 seconds, and triple clic k to rewind by 10 seconds. Auto DownloadYou can set this feature for each subscribed podcast separatel y. Also, there is a global setting for you to disable or enable this for all subscriptions. The “Advanced optio ns” could be clicked, there you can set whether to enable this feature for all new subscriptions later, and whether to download the episodes in your Playlist automatically. Automatically Delete Played EpisodesTu rn it ON, and this setting will remove downloaded episodes after they finish playing in 1 hour. OPML Impo rt1. Export your subscriptions from another app as an OPML file or find the OPML file in your local storag e and then choose to open it in Castbox; 2. Also, you can import from Apple Podcasts, to make this, pleas e make sure you enable Castbox to access your library in Apple Podcasts. OPML ExportTap it, and your OPML file will be downloaded and exported successfully.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse thr ough the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Why does the app not sync/remember auto download settings after I change the phone or reinstall the ap p?
We are sorry that if you change phones or reinstall the app, you need to set up your auto download prefe rence again.The reason why we do so is because of storage concern. If you choose to keep all unplayed episodes on a phone with plenty of space, that’s fine. However, if you replace it with a phone with smaller space, it might overwhelm your phone and leave no room for other apps as soon as you download Castb ox. That’s a terrible experience, so we try to avoid that.
Does Castbox support Chromecast and Google Home? (Android)
Yes, you can click an episode to play, and on the right corner of the Now Playing page, you can see a “c
ast” button, thus when your phone and Chromecast/Google Home connect to the same Internet, that epis ode could be cast.Still can’t find what you’re looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram g roup or Facebook group
Does Castbox support Android Auto? (Android)
Yes, Castbox supports Android Auto. If Castbox doesn’t show in your phone’s Android Auto, please kindl
y follow the following steps.Open Android AutoTap the “three lines” icon in your top left cornerTap “About”

Tap “About Android Auto” continuously for 10 times (which will start the developer mode), then allow deve loper modeTap the three vertical dots on the top right (beside “About Android Auto” icon)Tap “Developer s ettings” in the drop-down listScroll down to the bottom and tap “Unknown sources” to enable it with a √Ba ck to the main interface of Android Auto – click the circle icon on your bottom left to exit Android Auto.The n restart Android Auto and see if Castbox appears in the app list.Still can't find what you're looking for?Bro wse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Does Castbox support Apple HomePod (iOS)?
Yes, you can stream and control Castbox on your Apple HomePod now – here's how. Firstly, open the C
astbox app on your iPhone or iPad and choose the episode you want to get started with.Click the player b ar at the bottom to enter the now playing page, tap the cast button at the top right hand side and then cho ose your HomePod speaker.Alternatively, if you're already listening to Castbox on your iPhone and you w ant to switch the sound to your smart speaker, you can do so without opening up the app. From Control C enter, the music tile will show the episode you're currently streaming on your phone.Simply tap the icon at
the top right side of the music tile or 3D Touch (or long press if you've got an older iPhone) and press the
AirPlay button. Select your HomePod speaker and the podcast will stop playing on your phone's speaker (or headphones) and transfer immediately over to your HomePod. You can also use the widget on the iPh one's lock screen to do the same thing.You can also use Siri Shortcuts to instantly play Castbox on Home Pod.Still can't find what you're looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Faceb ook group
Does Castbox work with Apple CarPlay (iOS)?
Yes, you can play from Castbox on your iPhone to your vehicle that is compatible with Apple CarPlay.Not
e: Apple CarPlay requires iPhone 5 or higher.You need to:Log into the Castbox app on your iPhone.Conn ect your iPhone via USB to a CarPlay compatible stereo.If Castbox is already playing, it will keep playing. Otherwise, start Castbox on your stereo display or through voice commands with Siri.Still can't find what y ou're looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Does Castbox support Sonos?
Sorry but the answer is no. We really wish we could say yes. However, we don't support Sonos yet and t
he reasons are complicated, but we will try to make that happen in the future. We are working hard to ma ke sure Castbox has all the functionality you need every single day. Thanks for your understanding!Still ca n't find what you're looking for?Browse through the FAQs, or join our Telegram group or Facebook group
Does the app work with Amazon Echo - Alexa?
The feature of working with Alexa is being optimized. We will try to make it available again. Thank you for your support and patience!
Start a podcast on Castbox Android App
Please note currently this function is only supported for Android device. For iOS users, you can create a
channel in the Creator Studio on our desktop .Have you finally decided to start a podcast? Are you overw helmed by the fancy features offered by other expensive hosting providers? No worries! By using Castbox , you are just a few taps away from creating your first podcast for free. Step 1Go to Podcaster folder unde r the “Personal” tab. Step 2Tab the “recording” button at the bottom of the page to start recording an episo de for your podcast or loading an audio file from local storage. After finishing, please tap “save” and then t he audio file will be saved in your draft. Then you can upload the draft to a channel.Step 3Please note tha t first you need to input the basic information of the episode before you create a channel.Enter the basic in formation of the episode you uploaded. Input all necessary information of episode in the blank. You may h ave noticed that under the "Select a Show" tab, there is only one option named "Create a Show". This is b ecause you have no channels currently. Once you created a channel, you would be able to select to whic h channel the episode will be published. Tap the “create a show” button. Enter the basic information of yo ur podcast. Input all necessary information in the blank. After confirming, the channel will be created and t he episode will be uploaded to this new channel.
Submit my podcast to Castbox

Before submitting your podcast, please first check if your podcast is already available on Castbox. Castb ox supports submitting an RSS feed while claiming ownership of your podcast. Follow the three steps bel ow to claim your podcast. Once claimed your podcast will be available on Castbox. Please note that claim ing ownership won’t change your hosting or syndication setting. Step 1.Sign in via Castbox desktop site. If
you haven’t got one yet, please create a Castbox account with a Facebook, Google, Twitter, Line or Appl e ID login method.Step 2.Go to Creator Studio. Under the “Channels” tab, click the “Claim Ownership” but ton. In the pop-up window, paste your RSS feed in the upper text field. Paste your email address displaye d in your RSS feed and click “Submit”. Please check this article if the email you entered does not match w ith the email displayed in your RSS feed. Step 3.We will send you an email containing the link for you to cl aim ownership. Find the email in your inbox, and please check your spam folder if you can’t find it. Click t he link in the email, you will see the basic information of your podcast and a “Confirm” button. Upo n the completion of the claiming process, you will be directed to Creator Studio, where you can associate your social media channels with your Castbox channel.Finish!Your podcast will be added to our public dir ectory.Tips during the claimingPlease ensure that you have access to the email address displayed in your RSS feed, i.e., the email address inside the <itunes: email> tag. You can check it by visiting your RSS U RL using Google Chrome or any other browser that can display RSS feeds.If you don’t have access to the email address displayed in your RSS feed, you may want to update it by seeking support from your hosti ng provider.Audioboom: Go to the “Distribution” section of your podcast page and then check the box for “ Publish author email address.”Buzzsprout: Help Center - Change email address in RSS feedSoundCloud: Help Center - Display an email address in your RSS feedPlease contact your hosting provider for further assistance.
Start a podcast hosted on Castbox for free
Have you finally decided to start a podcast? Are you overwhelmed by the fancy features offered by other
expensive hosting providers? No worries! By using Castbox, you are just a few taps away from creating y our first podcast for free. There is no limit on uploading storage (total) for a channel. Step 1 Go to Cre ator Studio on our desktop site and sign in. Please note that you will need to sign up a Castbox account if you haven’t got one. Step 2 Click the “+ New Channel” button, fill out basic information about your podc ast, and you’ll be set up in no time. Step 3 Record an episode for your podcast using your phone or other recording equipment you have. When you have an audio file ready to upload, click the cloud button, the middle one, on the top right corner. Select or drag and drop the audio file you’d like to upload. St ep 4 Enter the basic information of the episode you uploaded. Title and description text fields are availabl e on the left. Cover image for the episode is optional. Castbox will display the cover image of your channe l if you haven’t uploaded an artwork for the episode. Before publishing, you will need to set the publish time and specify which channel the episode belongs to. Your episodes will be displayed chronologically a ccording to the publish time. You can either schedule an upload or change the order of published episode s by changing its publish time.
Podcast Communities & Newsletters
Podcast Movement holds annual conferences gathering active and aspiring podcasters, industry represe
ntatives, and podcasting professionals from around the world. They also send to subscribers a monthly ne wsletter with updates on the community.If you’re involved in podcasting and on-demand audio, you can al so subscribe to Podnews and Hot Pod for daily briefings and valuable insights on the global podcast indu stry.You can also join our Telegram Group, Reddit Community and Facebook Group.
Download Castbox Media Kit
We recommend using Castbox as your daily podcast player and hosting platform. Feel free to post the lin
k of your show on your website and social media.Download our Castbox logos packaged in our Media Kit.
Other Hosting Platforms
Think of a hosting platform as the home base for your podcast. It is essentially a server that stores all the episodes of your podcast for them to be accessed over the Internet. Choosing a suitable hosting platform is a crucial first step of setting up your podcast. Luckily, there are plenty of quality options to choose from
. Here we have listed some top sites for you:LibsynAs one of the largest and most enduring hosting platfo

rms, Libsyn has been a trustworthy and reliable choice for many podcasters. Although there are complaint s on its outdated and complex user interface, Libsyn offers features for those committed to a long-term po dcast. It also stands out in automatically pushing your podcast episodes out to YouTube for reaching a wi der audience.BlubrryLike Libsyn, the strength of Blubrry also comes from its depth. Blubrry’s dashboard p rovides an audio show with everything it needs, be it new or established. The platform is known to most fo r its Powerpress plugin, which allows podcasters with a WordPress site to run their podcasts right from th eir own website.BuzzsproutWith simplicity, Buzzsprout stands out from equally well-known and respected hosting platforms in the industry. Minimizing your option with streamlining features, it helps you upload an d publish your show with higher efficiency.
Distribute my podcast to other platforms
You will need to submit your RSS feeds to iTunes or other platforms manually. To find your RSS feed, pl
ease check this article. Apple Podcast Before submitting your podcast to iTunes, please make sure the artwork for your podcast channel meets the following requirement. Artwork must be a minimum size of 1 400 x 1400 pixels and a maximum size of 3000 x 3000 pixels, 72 dpi, in JPEG or PNG format with approp riate file extensions (.jpg, .png), and in the RGB colorspace." Source: Podcasts Connect Help 1. Go to https://podcastsconnect.apple.com/ and log in with your Apple ID. Click here if you don’t have one. 2. Af ter accepting Apple’s terms of service, you will see Podcasts Connect option as show in the image below.
3. Input your RSS feed URL and click Validate. You might need to update your RSS feed to meet Apple’s requirements. 4. Click Submit and waiting for the approval from Apple Podcasts. Spotify Go
to https://podcasters.spotify.com and log in. Click GET STARTED. Then follow the instructions in the we b page to submit your RSS feed. Google Podcasts 1. Check if Google has already found you r RSS Feed here Unlike other podcast directories which require you to manually submit your show, Goo gle leans on their search technology to crawl the internet for podcasts to include in their new app. This me ans that Google should find your podcast and include it in the Google Podcasts app automatically. To ve rify that Google has indexed your podcast, insert your RSS feed URL into the Google Direct Link Generat or and click the Generate button. 2. If Google Podcasts has already added your show you’ll see the foll owing message. If you see that message, you are finished! You have the optional choice to add a Goo gle Podcasts button to your site. 3. If your podcast is NOT in Google Podcasts you’ll get an error that says "This RSS feed is not currently indexed by Google Podcasts." If that happens, don’t worry, just go to the next step. 4. Google Podcasts automatically checks for updates to feeds that it finds on the web, of ten as quickly as five minutes. To ensure the update takes effect as quickly as possible, you can use Goo gle PubSubHubbub hub to ensure updates propagate as soon as possible. Enter your Fireside RSS Feed
URL in the Topic URL field and click the Publish button. If your feed complies with the guidelines, your po dcast should be available within a week. To read more click here. 5. If you follow all these steps it can ta ke a few days for Google to index your RSS feed, though we’ve seen podcasts get added in a couple hou rs. You can find more information on Google Help. Stitcher TuneIn iHeart Radio
Claim Ownership of Your Podcast
Please note that claiming ownership only applies to podcasts that are hosted elsewhere. If your content i
s hosted on Castbox, you already have ownership of your channel.If you would like to start a podcast on Castbox, please check this article. Step 1.Sign in Castbox desktop site. If you haven’t got one yet, please create a Castbox account with a Facebook, Google, Twitter, Line or Apple ID login method.Step 2. Go to Creator Studio. Under the “Channels” tab, click the “Claim Ownership” button. In the pop-up window, past e your channel link or RSS feed in the upper text field. Please check this article if the email you entered d oes not match with the email displayed in your RSS feed. Step 3.Paste your email address displayed in y our RSS feed and click “Submit”. We will send you an email containing the link for you to claim ownership.
Find the email in your inbox, and please check your spam folder if you can’t find it. Click the link in the e mail, you will see the basic information of your podcast, a license agreement and a “Confirm” button. Upo n the completion of the claiming process, you will be directed to Creator Studio, where you can associate your social media channels with your Castbox channel.Finish!Your podcast will be associated with your C astbox account, which allows you to be followed and receive donations from your listeners. Also, your pod cast will be added to our public directory if it hasn’t been there yet.You can check your play counts and su bscriber counts over a period of time by going to the “Analytics” tab in Creator Studio on our website. In a ddition, play counts per episode are available under the "Episodes" tab. Tips during the claiming:Please e

Before submitting your podcast, please first check if your podcast is already available on Castbox. Castb ox supports submitting an RSS feed while claiming ownership of your podcast. Follow the three steps bel ow to claim your podcast. Once claimed your podcast will be available on Castbox. Please note that claim ing ownership won’t change your hosting or syndication setting. Step 1.Sign in via Castbox desktop site. If
you haven’t got one yet, please create a Castbox account with a Facebook, Google, Twitter, Line or Appl e ID login method.Step 2.Go to Creator Studio. Under the “Channels” tab, click the “Claim Ownership” but ton. In the pop-up window, paste your RSS feed in the upper text field. Paste your email address displaye d in your RSS feed and click “Submit”. Please check this article if the email you entered does not match w ith the email displayed in your RSS feed. Step 3.We will send you an email containing the link for you to cl aim ownership. Find the email in your inbox, and please check your spam folder if you can’t find it. Click t he link in the email, you will see the basic information of your podcast and a “Confirm” button. Upo n the completion of the claiming process, you will be directed to Creator Studio, where you can associate your social media channels with your Castbox channel.Finish!Your podcast will be added to our public dir ectory.Tips during the claimingPlease ensure that you have access to the email address displayed in your RSS feed, i.e., the email address inside the <itunes: email> tag. You can check it by visiting your RSS U RL using Google Chrome or any other browser that can display RSS feeds.If you don’t have access to the email address displayed in your RSS feed, you may want to update it by seeking support from your hosti ng provider.Audioboom: Go to the “Distribution” section of your podcast page and then check the box for “ Publish author email address.”Buzzsprout: Help Center - Change email address in RSS feedSoundCloud: Help Center - Display an email address in your RSS feedPlease contact your hosting provider for further assistance.
Start a podcast hosted on Castbox for free
Have you finally decided to start a podcast? Are you overwhelmed by the fancy features offered by other
expensive hosting providers? No worries! By using Castbox, you are just a few taps away from creating y our first podcast for free. There is no limit on uploading storage (total) for a channel. Step 1 Go to Cre ator Studio on our desktop site and sign in. Please note that you will need to sign up a Castbox account if you haven’t got one. Step 2 Click the “+ New Channel” button, fill out basic information about your podc ast, and you’ll be set up in no time. Step 3 Record an episode for your podcast using your phone or other recording equipment you have. When you have an audio file ready to upload, click the cloud button, the middle one, on the top right corner. Select or drag and drop the audio file you’d like to upload. St ep 4 Enter the basic information of the episode you uploaded. Title and description text fields are availabl e on the left. Cover image for the episode is optional. Castbox will display the cover image of your channe l if you haven’t uploaded an artwork for the episode. Before publishing, you will need to set the publish time and specify which channel the episode belongs to. Your episodes will be displayed chronologically a ccording to the publish time. You can either schedule an upload or change the order of published episode s by changing its publish time.
Podcast Communities & Newsletters
Podcast Movement holds annual conferences gathering active and aspiring podcasters, industry represe
ntatives, and podcasting professionals from around the world. They also send to subscribers a monthly ne wsletter with updates on the community.If you’re involved in podcasting and on-demand audio, you can al so subscribe to Podnews and Hot Pod for daily briefings and valuable insights on the global podcast indu stry.You can also join our Telegram Group, Reddit Community and Facebook Group.
Download Castbox Media Kit
We recommend using Castbox as your daily podcast player and hosting platform. Feel free to post the lin
k of your show on your website and social media.Download our Castbox logos packaged in our Media Kit.
Other Hosting Platforms
Think of a hosting platform as the home base for your podcast. It is essentially a server that stores all the episodes of your podcast for them to be accessed over the Internet. Choosing a suitable hosting platform is a crucial first step of setting up your podcast. Luckily, there are plenty of quality options to choose from
. Here we have listed some top sites for you:LibsynAs one of the largest and most enduring hosting platfo

rms, Libsyn has been a trustworthy and reliable choice for many podcasters. Although there are complaint s on its outdated and complex user interface, Libsyn offers features for those committed to a long-term po dcast. It also stands out in automatically pushing your podcast episodes out to YouTube for reaching a wi der audience.BlubrryLike Libsyn, the strength of Blubrry also comes from its depth. Blubrry’s dashboard p rovides an audio show with everything it needs, be it new or established. The platform is known to most fo r its Powerpress plugin, which allows podcasters with a WordPress site to run their podcasts right from th eir own website.BuzzsproutWith simplicity, Buzzsprout stands out from equally well-known and respected hosting platforms in the industry. Minimizing your option with streamlining features, it helps you upload an d publish your show with higher efficiency.
Distribute my podcast to other platforms
You will need to submit your RSS feeds to iTunes or other platforms manually. To find your RSS feed, pl
ease check this article. Apple Podcast Before submitting your podcast to iTunes, please make sure the artwork for your podcast channel meets the following requirement. Artwork must be a minimum size of 1 400 x 1400 pixels and a maximum size of 3000 x 3000 pixels, 72 dpi, in JPEG or PNG format with approp riate file extensions (.jpg, .png), and in the RGB colorspace." Source: Podcasts Connect Help 1. Go to https://podcastsconnect.apple.com/ and log in with your Apple ID. Click here if you don’t have one. 2. Af ter accepting Apple’s terms of service, you will see Podcasts Connect option as show in the image below.
3. Input your RSS feed URL and click Validate. You might need to update your RSS feed to meet Apple’s requirements. 4. Click Submit and waiting for the approval from Apple Podcasts. Spotify Go
to https://podcasters.spotify.com and log in. Click GET STARTED. Then follow the instructions in the we b page to submit your RSS feed. Google Podcasts 1. Check if Google has already found you r RSS Feed here Unlike other podcast directories which require you to manually submit your show, Goo gle leans on their search technology to crawl the internet for podcasts to include in their new app. This me ans that Google should find your podcast and include it in the Google Podcasts app automatically. To ve rify that Google has indexed your podcast, insert your RSS feed URL into the Google Direct Link Generat or and click the Generate button. 2. If Google Podcasts has already added your show you’ll see the foll owing message. If you see that message, you are finished! You have the optional choice to add a Goo gle Podcasts button to your site. 3. If your podcast is NOT in Google Podcasts you’ll get an error that says "This RSS feed is not currently indexed by Google Podcasts." If that happens, don’t worry, just go to the next step. 4. Google Podcasts automatically checks for updates to feeds that it finds on the web, of ten as quickly as five minutes. To ensure the update takes effect as quickly as possible, you can use Goo gle PubSubHubbub hub to ensure updates propagate as soon as possible. Enter your Fireside RSS Feed
URL in the Topic URL field and click the Publish button. If your feed complies with the guidelines, your po dcast should be available within a week. To read more click here. 5. If you follow all these steps it can ta ke a few days for Google to index your RSS feed, though we’ve seen podcasts get added in a couple hou rs. You can find more information on Google Help. Stitcher TuneIn iHeart Radio
Claim Ownership of Your Podcast
Please note that claiming ownership only applies to podcasts that are hosted elsewhere. If your content i
s hosted on Castbox, you already have ownership of your channel.If you would like to start a podcast on Castbox, please check this article. Step 1.Sign in Castbox desktop site. If you haven’t got one yet, please create a Castbox account with a Facebook, Google, Twitter, Line or Apple ID login method.Step 2. Go to Creator Studio. Under the “Channels” tab, click the “Claim Ownership” button. In the pop-up window, past e your channel link or RSS feed in the upper text field. Please check this article if the email you entered d oes not match with the email displayed in your RSS feed. Step 3.Paste your email address displayed in y our RSS feed and click “Submit”. We will send you an email containing the link for you to claim ownership.
Find the email in your inbox, and please check your spam folder if you can’t find it. Click the link in the e mail, you will see the basic information of your podcast, a license agreement and a “Confirm” button. Upo n the completion of the claiming process, you will be directed to Creator Studio, where you can associate your social media channels with your Castbox channel.Finish!Your podcast will be associated with your C astbox account, which allows you to be followed and receive donations from your listeners. Also, your pod cast will be added to our public directory if it hasn’t been there yet.You can check your play counts and su bscriber counts over a period of time by going to the “Analytics” tab in Creator Studio on our website. In a ddition, play counts per episode are available under the "Episodes" tab. Tips during the claiming:Please e

nsure that you have access to the email address displayed in your RSS feed, i.e., the email address insid e the <itunes: email> tag. You can check it by visiting your RSS URL using Google Chrome or any other b rowser that can display RSS feeds.If you don’t have access to the email address displayed in your RSS fe ed, you may want to update it by seeking support from your hosting provider.Audioboom: Go to the “Distri bution” section of your podcast page and then check the box for “Publish author email address.”Buzzspro ut: Help Center - Change email address in RSS feedSoundCloud: Help Center - Display an email address in your RSS feedPlease note that it might take some time for us to get the newly updated email address i n your RSS feed. Thus, you might need to try multiple times to claim your ownership. Please contact your hosting provider for further assistance.
Benefits of Claiming Your Podcast
By claiming your podcast, you’ll be able to:Track the show’s performance on CastboxAssociate your Cast
box channel with social media accountsRespond to user comments as the owner of the showReceive don ations from your listenersControl the promotional advertisement on the play pageYour podcast will also b e added to our public directory if it isn’t there already.
Check Listening Statistics
Would you like to track your podcast’s daily play counts on Castbox? We make it easy to check the stats
and analytics for your podcast on Castbox.You can check your play counts and subscriber counts over a period of time by going to the “Analytics” tab in Creator Studio on our website. Also, play counts per episo de are available under the "Episodes" tab.
Manage Your Podcast using Creator Studio
You can manage your podcast using Creator Studio on our website. You will see your channel under the
"Created" tab if you’ve created a podcast channel on Castbox. If you host your podcast on other platforms , please first claim ownership of your podcast before trying to manage your podcast on Castbox. Once cla imed, your podcast will be shown under the "Claimed" tab. Please note that claiming ownership won’t cha nge your hosting or syndication settings. In Creator Studio, you can check listening statistics, view comme nts left by your listeners, and associate your social media channels with your Castbox channel, as shown below . Of course, more advanced functionality is available if your podcast is hosted on Castbox.
Apply to be Featured
Castbox values your work. In an effort to help your podcast reach a wider audience on Castbox, we prov
ide the opportunities to apply to be featured on Castbox in the banner or Editor’s Picks on the homepage. We will review the applications regularly and feature qualified podcasts. Please note that we’d love to
accept every show, but only a small portion have the audience size, content quality and growth potential t hat fit our current strategic goals. Due to the volume of applications we receive you will only hear from us i f your show fits these criteria. If your show is qualified, we will contact you within 1-2 weeks. It might tak e longer if there is a holiday. For qualified shows, we can feature them for three days for once. If you wa nt to be featured for multiple times or get longer visibility, we would like you to provide resources in excha nge. Shout out: endorse Castbox as the main player to listen to your show in one episode or all future episodes. Note that each episode needs to have at least 100 downloads according to previous performa nce. You get one more week of feature slot for shout out in one episode, and one week of feature slot eac h month as long as you continue doing shout out in future episodes. Please send us the link to the episod e that you shout out for Castbox and the time they appear. Bring new users: email podcaster@castbox.f m and get your customized link to track down the number of people accessing your show by clicking the li nk. For every hundred listens you bring, you get two more weeks of feature slot. The upper limit is two mo nths. Leave comments and posts: interact with your fans by writing/replying to comments and posts wit hin the Castbox app (use a hashtag). Encourage yours fans to write comments and posts under your cha nnel/in the community tab. For every twenty new comments/posts generated (by fans or by the official ac count), you get one more week of feature slot. The upper limit is two months. Please take screenshots of t he number of comments/posts before and after you do this as the evidence. Prerequisites (for first-time applicants) Applications that don’t meet the first three standards won’t be reviewed. 1. Your podcast is submitted to Castbox already. If not, please submit your show to Castbox first. 2. Claim ownership of you r podcast. You can find the associated user account ID in the app Personal - your profile. Fill out the field

"Claimed Account ID" in the form. 3. Social Media Mentions: Mention Castbox in your Twitter profile bio. Follow this example: Listen on @Castbox_fm. Subscribe: put your Castbox channel link here (If you don’t have an official account, the host’s Twitter account is also fine).Share your Castbox channel on Twitter an d tag @Castbox_fm. Copy the link to this tweet and put it in the field "Tweet Link" in the form. 4. Add a C astbox badge and embedded player to your official website. Fill out the field "Website URL" (with Castbox
badge/embedded player) in the form. Qualification Standards There are two promotion options with resp ective specific standards. You can judge which option your podcast is qualified for based on the standard s. Banner Promotion U.S. and Iran banners are not open for application now. Wonder how to get featu red, reach us at podcaster@castbox.fm Precondition At least 1000 subscribers on Castbox (statistics fro m other platforms are not taken into account). Required field in the form: Banner image Link. Please put t he link to the artwork in the form. Material Specifications An artwork of 720x400 pixels with all important texts/images within the 720x256 area for banner spot, measured from the bottom. Check the attached gui deline below and upload the artwork to a cloud storage platform like Google Drive or Dropbox. Editor’s Pi cks Precondition At least three published episodes in your podcast already. New empty podcasts will be r ejected right away. To apply, please click to fill out the Feature Application Form here.
Add Castbox Badge and Embedded Player on your website
Add Castbox Badge Enable listeners to easily find your podcast by putting Castbox badges on your webs
ite. Your website visitors or social media followers will know that your podcast is ready to be played on Ca stbox.Click here to download Castbox badges. Add Embedded Player To find the code of the embedded player for your podcast, you can click the “Share” button on your podcast’s page on our desktop site.Copy
the ’Source Code’ and use it on your websites.
Creator’s Memo
Hello, podcasters!We’re happy to announce that you can now send a memo to your listeners on Castbox, as shown in the screenshot below. Use Cases for Creator’s MemoComplement your audio contentLink th
e memo to a blog, a post on social media, or a video on YouTube that you mentioned in your show. Mone tize your contentAdd a link to your Patreon page or Paypal page in the memo. Sell merchandise on your c hannelPut a "Buy Now" button on the memo for the T-Shirts, Posters, and Mugs in your store. How to en able Creator’s Memo (beta) in Creator Studio?To enable this feature, please first claim ownership of your podcast and then contact podcaster@castbox.fm. Once enabled, it will appear on the left panel in your Cr eator Studio. How to create a memo?Before creating a memo, please note that your account must be ass ociated with at least one channel that either you created or claimed on Castbox.To start, click the "Create Memo" button. A window will pop out. No worries. We will explain everything and go through the steps to create a memo. Channel MemosYou can attach a memo to a channel or an episode in the channel. A me mo attached to your channel is a channel memo. It can be displayed on every episode in your channel. E pisode MemosA memo attached to specific episodes is an episode memo. It will be displayed only on the episodes that you specified while creating the memo. Memo PriorityAn episode memo will overwrite a cha nnel memo. Therefore, you are able to create a generic channel memo, and then create some episode m emos to show the highlights of these episodes. Visibility LimitationCastbox users could only see one mem o within one hour. This means your memo won’t be displayed to the users who have seen a memo within an hour. This applies to all Castbox users including you. Steps to Create a Memo Attach the memo to a c hannel or episodes in a channel. Toggle off the "Status" switch if you prefer to preview the memo. Name
the memo that you’re creating for future management. Check out the screenshot below to see how the d ata fields are linked to the components in a memo. Write thoughtfully and upload images that meet your need. Click "Submit" to finish. Memo ManagementAfter submitting the memo, it will be displayed in the m emo management panel. You can preview the memo by unfolding it. Memos that you deleted or turned off
while creating could be found by clicking the drop-down menu on the top right corner. Feel free to contact podcaster@castbox.fm if you have any questions.
Comments Section
Listeners can leave a comment on Castbox in real time while they are listening to your podcast. We enco
urage you to interact with your listeners in the comments section on your channel. This is a great opportu nity to get their input and answer their questions.Worried you’ll miss some comments on your channel? Af ter claiming your podcast, you can opt-in to receive push notifications when listeners leave comments on

your channel, and you can respond to the comments in the app as the owner of the show.All comments o n your channel are collected and organized in Creator Studio in the “Community – Comments” tab. Check
it out!
Monetizing Through Online Events
Online events are an effective way to monetize. These online events can range from paid podcast live re
cordings, exclusive listener summits, meet & greets, Q&As and more. If you have a loyal base of listeners , definitely try organizing such online events. Podcasters typically use Zoom and Run The World for their online events. Everybody knows how to use Zoom, so you don’t need to teach them how to use it. You ca n change the virtual background to reflect your brands and produce both videos and podcasts after the ev ent. Run The World has some interactive features for your events, including the cocktail party (your listen ers can meet each other) and grab mic (get your fans to come to the stage and meet you face-to-face).
How do I monetize through ads and sponsorship?
The most common way to monetize is to get sponsorship or insert host-read ads, but Castbox don’t provi
de such service or opportunities at the moment. You may need to reach out to third-party audio ad agenc y or ads demand platform to seek cooperation.
Create a Premium Channel on Castbox
Hello Podcaster,Would you like to monetize your content on Castbox? Yes, we know this is your big plan. The great news is that you can now apply to have a premium channel on Castbox. All you need to do is j
ust choose to create a premium channel in Creator Studio and submit a form. We will reach out to you an d initiate the content reviewing process. No worries about hosting. Premium channels can be hosted eithe r on Castbox or other platforms. Also, you can decide how your listeners pay for your premium channel. O ne-time purchase, monthly and annually subscription are all supported. By default, all episodes in a premi um channel can only be played by paid listeners. However, you can specify which episodes are premium. Thus premium bonus episodes or premium archived episodes are allowed to be mixed with free episodes in a premium channel.
How to check statistics of a Castbox hosted chanel on all platforms?
Sorry that we can only provide statistics on Castbox at present, but it is a goal that we will try to make ha
ppen in the future when the time is right. You can work with some third party Podcast Analytics & Attributi on platforms and we support adding prefix URLs. Learn how here: Can I add a prefix from Chartable or P odtrac to the enclosure URL?
How to replace the audio file?
Please follow the steps as shown in the screenshot below: enter creator studio- episodes- edit- replace a
udio file -save changes.
How to update my RSS feed on Castbox?
If you have updated your RSS URL in Apple Podcasts Connect or added the <itunes:new-feed-url> tag to your RSS feed, then Castbox will automatically reflect this change. We will create a new Castbox channe
l using your new RSS feed and the old channel will be unpublished. The subscriber and play numbers will be be synced to the published channel. If you claimed the old channel already, the status in Creator Studi
o will update after 24 hours. If you search your podcast on Castbox, only the published channel will show up in the search results. For existing subscribers of all old/duplicate channels, as long as the channel is s till playing and updating fine as the published channel does, they can still see the original channel they su bscribed to. Otherwise, the subscribers will see the notification leading to the published channel. For all fu ture subscribers, they will only see the published channel when they search the podcast.An example of hi dden/unpublished channel with a notification bar is shown below.
Do subscriber and play numbers on Castbox include statistics generated on other platforms?
No. All statistics shown on the channel page is based on Castbox alone, not including any other platform
s.

My podcast doesn’t show up in the corresponding category.
Even though you’ve categorized your podcast in the RSS feed, your podcast will most likely not appear in the corresponding category on Castbox. Podcasts listed in each category on Castbox are top or trending
podcasts of the corresponding category. Only a limited number of podcasts will be shown in each categor y. They are selected based on algorithms, so we cannot manually included any podcast to a certain categ ory listing.
Why can’t I see my claimed podcast under "Podcaster" on the mobile app?
You might notice there’s a micro management center for podcaster as shown below in the app. Please b
e aware that this podcaster section on the mobile app is only intended for podcasts hosted on Castbox no t claimed channels. You can’t manage your claimed channel or upload anything from here because it’s no t hosted on Castbox, so it won’t appear here. You can only see your claimed channel on the web media m anager. Learn how to here: Manage Your Podcast using Creator StudioHere’s what you can do on Castb ox after claiming the ownership:1. Track the show’s performance on Castbox2. Associate your Castbox c hannel with social media accounts3. Engage with listeners and fans in comments section4. Receive donat ions from your listeners5. Control the promotional advertisement on the play page
Where can I find my RSS URL?
Please first log in to your Creator Studio and make sure you have created or claimed a podcast channel
on Castbox. Go to website https://castbox.fm Click the profile icon in the top right corner to log in. Open "F or Podcasters"- Enter Creator Studio. Find your channel under the "Created" or "Claimed" tab. Click the “ Edit” button on your channel, you will see your RSS feed in the channel information section.
Can I redirect my Castbox RSS feed to another RSS feed?
We are glad to tell you that it is supported to redirect your RSS feed URL to a new one now. Please log i
n to the web- enter your Creator Studio- go to Channels- Edit- Advanced Options- Redirect Feed URL to enter the new feed. Note that it is not supported to redirect to another Castbox feed. Deleting the feed her e will cancel the redirect.
Why don’t the subscriber and play count reflect the real-time changes?
The changes on the previous day will be reflected in the statistics shown the next day. There will be a 24
hour gap.Please be patient and check again later if they don’t update the first time.
Why can’t I find my channel in my creator studio?
It’s highly possible that you’ve logged in to a different account, which isn’t linked to your channel. In this c
ase, you will see the channel in your creator studio if you sign in Castbox using the same way that you’ve signed in before. Signing in Castbox using different ways will create different accounts. If you cannot find a channel that you’ve claimed or created before, please check your account first to make sure that you lo g in with the same method.Suppose that your channel is under the account that you sign in with Google, t he channel won’t show up in the creator studio if you register and sign in an email account using the sam e email address from Gmail.Please contact podcaster@castbox.fm for further assistance.
Can I add a prefix from Chartable or Podtrac to the enclosure URL?
Yes, adding URL prefix is supported on Castbox now. URL prefix is provided by some third party Podcast Analytics & Attribution platforms like Chartable to measure information like downloads, plays etc.You will
find the field labeled “prefix URL” in both Channel Basic Info page and Episode Basic Info page. Make sur e the URL prefix is correct. Otherwise, the link of the episode will be wrong and the episode cannot be pla yed.Leave it empty if you do not have one. Do not input your official website or any unrelated items there. URL Prefix for Channel Creator Studio- Channels- Created- Edit- Prefix URLURL prefix input here will be applied globally. It will be inserted into the link to the audio file of each uploaded episode by default, so yo u don’t need to input again on the episode uploading page unless you need to add a customized URL pref ix for a specific episode.URL Prefix for Episode Creator Studio- Episodes- New Episode/Draft- Edit- Prefix URLURL prefix input here will be applied only to this episode. It overrides the URL prefix set in the Chan nel Basic Info, which will be applied by default if you don’t input anything here.

How to delete one of my episodes from my channel?
If your podcast is hosted on other platforms, please remove the episode from your RSS feed. If the probl
em persists, please contact us via contact@castbox.fm. Also, please note that you won’t be able to directl y delete episodes on Castbox even if you claimed ownership of your podcast channel. If your podcast is h osted on Castbox, please first go to Creator Studio and follow the three steps below. Click "Episodes".Clic k the button right alongside with "Edit".Hit the "Delete" button and there you go.
The email I entered for claiming ownership does not match the email in the RSS feed.
Please note that claiming ownership only applies to podcasts that are hosted elsewhere. If your content i
s hosted on Castbox, you already have ownership of your channel.One possible reason for receiving the error message is that an auto-generated email address could be displayed in your RSS feed, especially if your podcast is hosted on Anchor, Audioboom, Pippa, or SoundCloud. To check what the email address i s displayed in your RSS feed, you can open the RSS URL and search for <itunes: email> tag in the Googl e Chrome desktop browser. If a regular web page is displayed instead of a text-based RSS feed written in
XML, you need to right click and choose "View Page Source". You can update this email address using your hosting provider’s service. Here are some useful references about how to update the email address f or different hosting sites.Please note that it might take some time for us to get the newly updated email ad dress in your RSS feed. Thus, you might need to try multiple times to claim your ownership.Anchor: Pleas e contact Anchor’s support for assistance. SoundCloud: Display an email address in your RSS feedPipp a : Go to the Settings tab and update "Owner Email" and then save. Audioboom: Go to the “Distribution” se ction of your podcast page and then check the box for “Publish author email address.”BlogTalkRadio: Go to settings section and then choose the gear button for updating your email address. Spreaker: Go to setti ng section to choose “Change email” and then save. Buzzsprout: Change email address in RSS feedIf yo u still have trouble finding the right email address, please contact your hosting provider for further assista nce.
How to mark my podcast as explicit?
Currently, Castbox only display explicit labels on our web player. We will make efforts to support this feat
ure on Castbox Android and iOS App in future updates. Apart from that, you could mark your content as e xplicit by following guide below. For podcasts hosted on CastboxFirst, you need to log in and go to the Cr eator Studio on our website and click "Episode" on the left panel.You can mark an episode as explicit whil e uploading it. Simply check the "Explicit Content" checkbox, as shown below. Check here for more infor mation about uploading an episode. Similarly, you can also click the "Edit" button to mark published epis odes as explicit. For podcasts hosted on other platformsTo mark your podcast or its episodes as explicit, you need to include <itunes:explicit> tags in your RSS feed using your hosting provider’s service.
Why is there an unpublished channel in my Creator Studio?
An unpublished channel means it is unsearchable and not visible to the public. Generally, an unpublished channel could be:a duplicate channel that has been hidden, ora channel that has been taken down by Ca
stbox. In the first case, it’s most likely that you’ve updated your RSS feed by adding a <itunes:new-feed-ur l> tag or updating your RSS feed in iTunes. This will trigger a new channel to be created with the new RS S feed. To avoid duplicate channels, we will unpublish the old channel. No worries. Subscribers to the un published channel will be directed to your new channel by a yellow notification bar. Play and subscriber c ounts will also be synced to the new channel. An example of hidden/unpublished channel with a notificatio n bar is shown below.
How to customize Castbox HTML embedded player?
Embedded Player For Channel and EpisodeEmbedded code for your Castbox channel and episode are a
vailable in the pop-up window after you click the "Share" button on your channel or episode page on Cast box.fm.Change the episode to be displayed on the topIf you got the embedded code by clicking the share button on your channel page, the latest episode will be displayed on the top of the playlist.https://castbox.f m/app/castbox/player/id1768345?v=4.1.190428&autoplay=0To displayed a particular episode in your cha nnel on the top of the embedded player, you need to get another embedded code generated by the share button on that episode’s page. In this way, the episode will be specified in the iframe player URL. https://c astbox.fm/app/castbox/player/id1768345/id112620794?v=4.1.190428&autoplay=0Hide the Playlist PanelIf

